the brady bill has kept two million guns
from being sold into the wrong hands
because of that background check despite
its loopholes prohibited purchasers
because they were felons fugitives
doctors domestic abusers people with
serious mental illness have been stopped
from buying a gun so as bad as the gun
carnage is I like to think that at least
2 million prohibited purchasers weren't
part of that I also think it's
critically important to close those
loopholes to close the gun show loophole
and the online loophole you know back
win the brady bill was passed in ninety
for online purchases were not an issue
we now know they are so we have to go
for universal background checks and we
have to close those two loopholes and I
have said that if the congress doesn't
cooperate I would use executive action
to make sure that sellers are held
accountable
I also believe we should close what is
now being called the Charleston loophole
under the background checks if someone
applies to buy a gun
seller has three days though sellers
that are covered to conduct a background
check and if it is not completed by the
end of three days the purchaser
purchaser gets to buy the gun anyway the
reason it's called the Charleston
loophole is that the killer of those
nine people at Bible study mother
Emmanuel Church in Charleston got his
gun not because he was eligible because
in fact
it was learned shortly after he was not
eligible he had a felony record but
because of this loophole he was able to
go back at the end of three days and by
the gun he used to kill those nine
innocent people and then finally we have
to repeal the broad immunity that has
been given to gun manufacturers and
sellers in america and any
responsibility for their sale of guns
and ammunition for their manufacture of
either just recently there was some
small glimmer of hope when a jury in
Wisconsin found a seller of guns liable
because of a straw purchase which the
seller clearly knew to be a straw
purchase a straw purchases are not
eligible you're a felon you got a
domestic abuse order against you you've
been committed
remember the shooter at Virginia Tech
had been committed for outpatient
treatment for mental health still got a
gun but in this particular case in
Wisconsin the prohibited purchasers sent
somebody else in with a clean record to
buy the gun there's video and other
evidence that the seller new the gun was
for somebody else told anyway
to the seller buys it turns it over to
the real purchaser who goes out and
shoots two police officers injuring both
seriously and so when the police
officers sued the gun seller the jury
heard the evidence and came in with a
verdict in favor of the police officers
now we're going to see whether or not
that verdict stands up under this broad
immunity that has been given to the gun
industry there's really no other
industry in america that has this kind
of blanket permission to be reckless to
be negligent to sell defective products
even it's just outrageous and we have to
repeal that so that those who
manufacture guns and sell them are held
to some standard of accountability so
I'm going to do everything I can in this
campaign to not only talk about this
issue and to give the platform to people
like who can be much more eloquent than
I ever can about why this is an
important issue but I'm also appealing
to responsible gun owners organized an
alternative to the NRA which is nothing
but a lobby for the most absolutist
positions that the gun manufacturers and
sellers demand we have so many
responsible gun owners I'm not against
guns my dad taught me to shoot when I
was a little girl I've even gone duck
hunting in arkansas standing in the cold
water at sunrise
once was enough getting up that early to
stand in a cold water I could tell you
that much but this is not about
kind of scare tactics that you will hear
from the NRA you know this is what they
do they just scare responsible folks
into thinking that you know the black
helicopters going to land in the front
yard and somebody's gonna show up and
take your guns that is nonsense and it
needs to be called out for what it is
but the fight against the NRA
organization of gun owners I'm
collecting names of people who are
stepping up and writing you know about
their feelings as people enjoy hunting
enjoyed target shooting enjoy collecting
but who are sick and tired of the
violence people who are killed and
injured so I am very grateful to my good
friend your senator Molly Kelly and I am
very grateful to clay for sharing what
is a very painful personal story to try
to save lives and I really look forward
to working with a ground swell of people
across our country who know we can do
better than this we are better than this
so with that let me throw this open to
questions on whatever issues or concerns
you might have we have some microphones
I think so if people raise your hands
will try to get to as many of you as
possible I can see there's already a lot
of hands up here let's see the woman in
the back that's really close to the
microphone right there have a question
about the NSA so we have Edwards noted
we have trade run went into the spectrum
and we have patriot on the other end of
the spectrum and I'm wondering where you
stand in that and why you stand that way
and to let you know that I consider him
very close to a patriot I think that the
information that he released
noting that the american people needed
to know to have and how publicized so
that's my question to you let me say
this I firmly believe that he could have
gone public and released the information
about the collection of information on
americans under whistleblower protection
and he could have done it within the
tradition in our country that shields
people who come forth acting out of
conscience to present information that
they believe the public should have I do
not know why
in addition to releasing the information
that you're referring to
he felt compelled to steal a lot of
information that by any definition had
nothing to do with americans civil
rights liberties and privacy but instead
were about terrorists and what other
nations to name to China and Russia do
to try to gather information about us
and what our government tries to do to
prevent that and to try to get
information about them so if he'd been a
whistleblower and if he had confined
himself to releasing information that I
think did provoke the right kind of
discussion in our country and has led to
some changes which I approve of then I
think people could across all spectrums
say hey thank you for bringing this to
our attention and thank you for giving
us the opportunity to respond because he
took valuable information and went first
to China and then is now under the
protection of Vladimir Putin I think
that raises a lot of questions about
everything else he did so I do not think
he should escape
having to return an answer for what he
has done I think we need to continue the
balance on civil liberties privacy and
security it's always a challenge and I
would I do support what the congress
passed the USA freedom act because I
think it did have some some good changes
and I think we have to remain vigilant
but it's always a balance it's a balance
it's not just all one-sided you know if
you go too far toward security you do
infringe upon the legitimate rights of
Americans and that's what we're trying
to end if you go too far toward privacy
and civil liberties you can leave us
vulnerable we're trying to prevent that
too so that's the kind of hard choice
balancing act that I think President
Obama has been attempting to do and I
support the changes that he has been
making from the executive level and I
support the new legislation that the
congress passed
get to you I promise but I kind of like
to go in a broad sweep
ok you will hear from you where's
where's the microphone that we can get
to just a minute I mean it's great
having people too eager after the region
organ shootings would talk about gun
control but he said gun control is not
enough
culture and gun safety and I think
that's what we're doing I agree with you
on that and I like to refer to what i'm
advocating is gun safety measures and in
the gentleman makes a very good point
you know so many of you I'm reading news
online and I see a headline in the
washington post which said something as
I recall toddlers are killing more
people with guns and I stopped what why
because the people whose homes they live
in mostly their parents sometimes their
grandparents have loaded guns in their
homes in their cars and children are
curious and they're picking up loaded
guns and I read the story after I was
shocked by the headline the toddler in
the back seat where there was also a
loaded gun picking it up and looking at
it and shooting his grandmother and
there was you know it's it's just beyond
my comprehension and the gentleman is
absolutely right
if you are going to have a gun please
please exercise common sense safety and
keep those guns away from children
toddlers young kids and teach a proper
respect for guns one of the worst cases
that i've read about it last two weeks
was
an eleven year old boy s to see the new
puppy of the eight-year-old girl who
lived near him and a little girl for
whatever reason said no no she didn't
want him to see her puppy he went home
he got his father's loaded shotgun you
went back any colder so all I'm asking
i think is pretty common sense we need
new legislation to close the loopholes
to remove the immunity from liability to
use technology to get instant background
checks for real not just saying it but
ultimately people have to exercise
common sense in dealing with these
weapons and keeping them away from
children should be rule number one in my
opinion so thank you thank you
and the Great Teacher of your commitment
to clean energy but I was wondering do
you consider the extraction and use of
shale gas to be clean energy and as
president what kind of regulation would
you like to see implemented for their
fracking industry and use of gas that's
a great question and it's one I give the
Obama administration a lot of credit
over the last two years in particular
they have been yes let's give the Obama
administration lot of credit for Energy
and Climate Change and they've been
struggling with this and they've begun
to come out with recommended regulations
like for example to control methane
emissions I think you also have to have
a very tough water standards and I think
from talking to experts in the Obama
administration and the on the outside
here is what they have convinced me up
and this this is the following there are
some places in our country where this
extraction technique may be appropriate
if we do more research and we figure out
how to cut the methane emissions and
keep the water clean there are lots of
other places where it is not and part of
what the federal government needs to
start doing is drawing some lines and
informing states and localities and we
should also never preempt states and
localities from saying no if a local
government says no not here they should
be able to do that
the reason why I think the Obama
administration experts have taken this
position is we have to go through a
transition we have to move away from
fossil fuels including gas but that gas
can be a useful bridge especially as we
move away from coal and we move away
from dirty oil and some of the really
bad alternatives and we want to keep
more fossil fuels under the ocean and in
the ground that's why I'm against Arctic
drilling and why I'm against offshore
drilling because I don't think we should
start trying to listen to people who I
know care alot about the environment
care alot about climate change and are
trying to figure out what are the smart
steps we can take so in some instances I
can go along with it and lots of others
I can't and we need to be moving as
quickly as possible
200 percent clean renewable energy we
have a long way to go but that should be
our goal and we should do nothing that
interferes with or undermines our
efforts to reach that goal as soon as it
is possible
thank you for taking my question it
actually is a follow-up to that so
southern New Hampshire is actually
fighting a fact gas pipeline right now
which I believe that you know about one
of our biggest problems is that it's
coming through new hampshire it's not
for us we don't need it it's for export
one of my concerns beyond all of the
issues surrounding fracked gas is about
40 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
which is funded by Big Oil and Gas what
will you do change first because right
now we've had candidates come and tell
us the local issue it's not we have no
control what can you do to help us you
know I think very important point and I
didn't really focus on this until I've
been traveling around New Hampshire and
the concerns that residents have
expressed about FERC really are
legitimate because the process that FERC
is employing does not give enough weight
to public opinion in the locations where
pipelines are going through it does not
pay in my my opinion enough attention to
all of the other issues whether they be
health issues
safety issues and the light and so I am
going to do what I can to try to make it
absolutely the case that forecast to in
any of these decisions
pay much more attention to local
communities and listen to what your
concerns are and do much more to
evaluate whatever the consequences are
the downsides of these decisions are
because right now
their mandate seems to be only about
delivery of energy and anywhere anytime
and I don't think that's adequate in
today's world if we're gonna have a if
we're gonna have a climate what
that's not what it does not confuse the
two issues when you say supported
they're not paid for by oil and gas they
are certainly
as a regulator for oil and gas used to
paying attention to an oil and gas
industry says I will absolutely give you
that
see my problem though now that people in
the house and elsewhere raise this with
me is that if we're going to have a
national commitment to do something
about climate change needs to be part of
that national commitment and that's my
view on how we have to alter a lot of
parents the federal government it's not
just the EPA that needs to be focused on
combating climate change every part of
the federal government needs to be
focused as I want to have a national
goal and said look I wanna have by the
end of my first term half a billion more
solar panels installed in by the end of
my second term enough clean renewable
energy to power every home in america
and if those are our goals it's really
important that we don't have the right
hand doing something different than the
left hand in the old saying so it would
be my intention to legislative changes
regulatory changes are necessary to
undertake those but also to appoint
people who will really be really focused
on how everybody worked toward this big
overarching national goal and not you
know the kind of thing you know there
was a time when we needed more energy
people remember some of us are able to
remember being in very long gas lines at
least I remember those days and we were
pretty much captive to Middle East oil
so we had a different mindset but now
we've got to change that so I think your
question is not only a specific one
about a particular decision but it
raises the larger issue about what we're
gonna do to change our our values our
goals and that's what I'm gonna try to
do
the national student debt level is
reached 1.1 trillion dollars
graduated from New Hampshire College is
going to be approximately $32,000 in
quite honestly I'd be surprised if I
listed in this room with that little
what are you gonna do best to help
students graduate college
we have student at
your hands up comedy ever had student
debt so it's a pretty healthy majority
that's a great question and and your
statistics are right we have forty
million people with student debt that
now reaches 1.2 trillion dollars so the
first and most important thing is we
need to make it possible for every
person with student debt current and
those who have graduated refinance that
debt you know that to me is the number
one everybody else can refinance their
debt corporations can refinance their
debt you can refinance your mortgage
refinance your car payment
why is it that students can't refinance
their debt and the worst injustice to me
is that we've had practically zero
interest rates for seven years and yet i
want to ask how many of you know that
you are paying an interest rate of at
least seven percent I mean we have
people who are paying interest rates far
beyond what the real interest rates are
so I want everybody to be able to
refinance and then I want to do much
more to get both students and graduates
into income contingency repayment plans
and what is that this is what I had when
I went to law school so did my husband
you know we both borrowed money we
worked with borrowed money in the loans
we had when we graduated we both
teachers we taught at the University of
Arkansas law school my first job was
with the children's defense fun and then
with the University of Arkansas so as I
recall making like 14,000 between 14 and
17 thousand dollars a year and we
couldn't have paid some big fixed rate
based on a high interest rate so we paid
back as a percentage of our income on a
monthly basis and as I recall it was
like 10 percent
and it took 10 15 years but it didn't it
didn't have the burden that I now hear
about from so many young people and
their families because of the high fixed
rates and the other thing I'd really
like to do more of is to make sure that
people who go into what our public
service national service jobs get a
lower rate
get more forgiveness faster get a
discount because they are doing
something that scared they're gonna do
when your obligations and if you've been
a responsible player and you've taken
advantage of all the new opportunities
that I want to provide there will be an
endpoint and you can count on that so
this is a big deal to me because too
many people are being held back because
of this debt and you say 32,000 I think
that's one of the highest averages in
the country students in new hampshire
are bearing so it's a big problem for
everybody but particularly students here
and I've met a lot of them who because
of their student debt they can't take
jobs they'd like to take because they
can't afford them I met a young woman
who said she had the dream job of her
life in Boston but she couldn't afford
to pay her student debt and live there
so like so many young people day she
still living with your parents and
that's nice
chance to kind of get out there
make your own decisions about we're
gonna live and okay so you're from Mount
Holyoke 07 sister does that mean you
want to ask about holyoke question
I know I could see you writing and
holding it up when I had to get really
close to my question actually have to
talk about empowering women and i was
wondering if you're going to do anything
about human trafficking and my second
question was kinda goes along with
college and everything else is how else
are you going to empower the youth of
America well with respect to your first
question on human trafficking I feel
passionately about this and have worked
on this issue since my days as first
lady in fact back in 2000 I worked with
a coalition of outside activists and
members of Congress to pass the first
ever United States legislation against
human trafficking proud to say my
husband signed it so that began and I
stayed focused on there is senator and
then as Secretary of State worked really
hard to do more about human trafficking
around the world and still here at home
we appointed a first-rate federal
prosecutor who had prosecuted some of
the human trafficking cases in the
United States to head the office in the
state department to take on these issues
and we also pressured through the human
trafficking annual study different
countries to have to change their laws
to enforce their laws when I as first
lady talked with representatives of
other countries they really didn't
understand why the United States was
making a big deal out of this because it
was part of in their view of the culture
and now they know that they're gonna be
graded every year by the United States
government and that if they are having a
failing grade several years in a row
they can lose aid and other benefits
from the United States government and
it's our tool to try to get laws passed
to change enforcement
actually to go after human trafficking
remains one of the biggest sources of
criminal activity and profits in the
world
sometimes we think of only one or two
kinds of human trafficking you know the
refugees flooding into Europe are in
many respects a form of human
trafficking they're picked up by
smugglers who often abandon them the
children and and adults who come across
our southern border are often treated
the same way they are their families pay
money to smugglers and traffickers who
again may abandon the may have been to
them in the desert may have handed them
to their fates on the long journey that
they are taking we have a lot of
trafficking of people into really
exploitative labor situations literally
people being kidnapped and put on
fishing boats being ashamed to sewing
machines in factories and then of course
we have sex trafficking where young
women in particular but even children
are preyed upon and where poor families
are convinced to essentially sell their
daughters I remember being in northern
Thailand when I was first lady and it
was before we passed our trafficking
statue and part of the reason I was
there was to talk with the government to
convince them to take this seriously and
I went to a hospice for young women who
were the victims of aids after having
been trafficked into the brothels in
Bangkok and then when they were ill
thrown literally on the street
some of them would make their way back
to their homes their families who'd been
paid for them would reject them and I
remember standing by the wheel chair of
dying 12 year old girl and having the
aid workers who were taking care of her
tell me her story and then the aid
workers says you can tell the families
that have sold their daughter
hours by driving around these villages
the houses with satellites have sold
their daughters and so this is such a
key part of discrimination against women
and girls a rejection of their
importance their human dignity their
rights that it is a deep challenge to
change attitudes in many parts of the
world
about the value of girls and to make the
case that educating a girl over the long
run will be far better for the family
than selling her at the age of eleven or
twelve to be either an indentured
servant or a sex worker so this is an
area that is particularly a concern of
mine because it goes hand in hand with
the exploitation of poor people
marginalized people and particularly
girls and women in many places across
the country
thank you
handguns recently Australia managed to
get away you take away the thousand
million handguns and in one year if we
can't why can't Lee you know Australia's
a good example candidates a good example
the UK is a good example why because
each of them had mass killings Australia
had a huge mass killing about twenty
five twenty twenty-five years ago
candidate did as well so did the UK and
offering to buy back those guns they
were able to you know curtail the supply
and to set a different standard for gun
purchases in the future
communities have done that in our
country's several communities have done
gun buy-back programs but I think it
would be worth considering doing it on
the national level if that could be
arranged remember I know after the
terrible await financial crisis and in
one of the programs that President Obama
was able to get in place was cash for
clunkers that you know getting off the
road and it was partly a way to get
people to buy new cars we wanted
economic activity and it was partly a
way to get old models that were
polluting too much sort of off the road
so I think that's worth considering I I
don't know enough details to tell you
how we would do it or how it would work
but certainly the Australian example is
worth looking at
thank you for raising that
and so I was wondering what your
thoughts are on education reform and
what you plan on doing for education
reform once you become president
well I'm glad you're gonna be a teacher
thank you reputation for turning out
educators and I want to really try to be
more focused first of all I think we
have to do more to actually pay
attention to what educators tell us
about what will work in the classroom
and that sounds you're probably
wondering why would you say something so
obvious because we've been having a very
vigorous debate a contentious debate
over what will work and what won't work
to try to increase educational
achievement among our young people and I
think the debate has gotten off base I
think it's too much about the latest
fads the latest products the latest
models instead of taking a deep breath
and actually talking to experts who have
done an enormous amount of research
about what really works I want to get
back to looking at what really works and
I know that there are a lot of
well-meaning people who are really down
on the public schools and I just don't
believe her share that I think the
public schools are one of the bedrock
institutions of our democracy
and therefore
to make the mark and so here are a
couple of observations because this is a
much longer conversation and I must say
I am I am honored to have the support of
the teachers of New Hampshire and
America and my campaign and because of
that I wanna be a partner in figuring
out what are the best ways forward to do
a better job helping kids particularly
poor kids particularly kids with special
needs particularly kids who come into
school from literally the first day of
kindergarten not as prepared as their
classmates are to be successful so I
start with early childhood education and
universal prekindergarten that's where I
grave disservice to ignore the fact that
the first five years of life set up a
child set up the vocabulary of that
child we now know from brain research
even influences the brain in ways that
will make it easier or less so in
learning the brain research tells us
that 80% of your brain is physically
formed by the age of three so what
happens in those first three years and
then those first five years before you
ever go into a formal classroom really
depends on the family and the community
and what kinds of support families can
be given I am a strong believer in early
education particularly for kids that
have various kinds of disadvantages and
I just tell you a quick story when bill
was governor of arkansas one of our
problems it was you know the second
poorest state in America and our
teachers were the second poorest page in
america and a lot of our families had
really a serious economic challenges and
so when you're thinking about ok what do
you do to try to improve the schools we
we tackled standards we raised teacher
pay we did a lot that needed to be done
that was overdue but we also looked at
this problem about what happens when
kids show up that first day and as a
result I began looking all over to try
to find an affordable program that could
help more low-income kids be better
prepared because a lot of programs that
are the real state of the art are
expensive and I would love for our
country to invest in them because you
actually save money at the end of it
that's been proven over and over again
but being realistic we gotta find
everything we can do and try to make it
affordable so this was so serendipitous
I was in Florida
with bill we were attending some meeting
that he had and i was just literally in
the hotel room flip into the paper and I
saw a picture of a professor from israel
giving a lecture about a program that
started there i read about it and it was
fascinating because it basically said
that after a big influx of immigrants
from poor nations like Ethiopia the kids
would go to the excellent Israeli
schools but they weren't achieving the
israeli researchers at hebrew university
was a way what's going on here were
there in the schools if the schools were
the only answer why aren't they doing
better and then they realize that they
had to work in the family in those first
five years so I called this woman her
name was Lombard and I said dr. lumbered
hillary clinton i'm calling from
arkansas where and I said arkansas she
goes where's that I said well it's sort
of next to Texas ok look at a map and I
asked her if she were coming to the
united states I would like to meet with
her to figure out whether what they did
in israel was transferable to places
like arkansas she came and we began
what's called the home instruction
program for preschool youngsters and
basically the idea behind it was to help
the mother become her child's first
teacher to feel confident and competent
enough to try to prepare her own child
to learn doing very simple things like
talking to her baby a lot of low-income
mothers when I started doing this back
in the eighties I would say I bet you're
loving talking to your baby and they'd
see why would I talked to her she can't
talk back not because she didn't love
her baby but because she had no idea
that's how you build brain so and
synapses and vocabulary so fast forward
this program has now been going on
across the country for 25 years and it
has a great track record so we can do
more in the homes helping parents
child's first teachers but we still need
universal prekindergarten so that every
child can get that level of preparation
so that when they go to that
first day of kindergarten they have a
fighting chance to be successful so
there's a lot I want to do but I end
there by saying that I am really looking
forward to working with the teachers and
parents of america to make our education
system everything it should be the drug
issue in our state and we are
grandparents raising grandson we lost
him too and I knew I loved you for
fifteen years retired here would you
please just say a bit more even though
you're probably preaching to the choir
well I have to say you are the third
grandmother that I have personally met
in new hampshire the last several months
who's raising a grandchild because of
drugs we did have a an incredible town
hall here didn't remotely six seven
hundred people most of them really
affected in some way or another by this
terrible epidemic of addiction and in
particular here in New Hampshire and
next door in vermont heroin and heroin
epidemic which is killing so many young
people and leaving grieving and broken
families behind I don't think I would
have been talking about this issue had I
not spent several months listening to
people and and i won my first trip in
this campaign and then in new hampshire
in keen on my first trip as with Joanne
and some others I heard about the heroin
epidemic and so I began looking into it
and I know that everywhere I went
somebody raised it with me sometimes
publicly sometimes
afterwards privately so that's why I
have a comprehensive agenda to try to
begin to reverse this tide of addiction
it includes better preventive efforts it
includes more treatment something that
we just don't have enough of if you do
have somebody and you persuade them to
seek treatment only one in 10 will get
it in a timely way because we don't have
enough of it we also are seeing real
progress and Laconia I had a meeting
about this issue and was so impressed by
the police chief who has changed the
whole way he polices drug abuse and drug
offences of sending people to jail
there's trying to get people into
treatment they're trying to match them
with some kind of mint or from the
recovery community and they are now
equipped with the antidote to reverse
heroin overdoses next alone known as nor
can we have to change the way we police
we need to break away here the USA
houses gambling briefly
would be a terrible mistake for the
industry to be able to use their
influence in congress to stop States
from doing exactly as you said looking
into it finding out more about it and I
want more research to because I think
you're right there are some you know
there are some forms of this that are
lifesavers you know drought-resistant
crops are often genetically modified and
we don't want to deprive people in
drought conditions from being able to
grow crops that they then can use unless
there is evidence research that shows
they shouldn't do it but on the other
hand we need an ongoing system doing
much more to check out all the chemicals
and genetic changes and it's not just
GMOs I'm worried about we have hundreds
if not thousands of chemicals that we
have never tested to determine what
their real impact is or in concert with
other elements or other chemicals so I'm
I'm a huge believer in and safety and in
the right to know and I think we are not
doing enough on either of those counts
so right now that's where I stand on it
I am NOT in any way bro just forward no
questions asked I think that's not smart
but I'm also not anti no questions asked
there's no possible uses for these kinds
of altered crops which we've been eating
as you know for hundreds of years in
different forms it's just much more
sophisticated now but I am very much in
favor of making sure it's labeled making
sure that no state or local community is
stopped from doing what it thinks is
right and much more money by independent
sources in looking at the impact so we
have better information in the first
place
not let somebody else asked question
back here I've had my back I've had my
back to the whole time
have at this young lady in the Keene
State debate debate so ago and I'm
majoring in Holocaust and genocide
studies and my amazing professors and
classmates and I are wondering what your
plans are for genocide and mass atrocity
awareness and prevention and
specifically what the plans for the
atrocities prevention board would look
like
I think maybe the first college in the
country to have a Holocaust genocide
studies program right and i join in the
applause I think that's absolutely
amazing and brilliant to have a specific
curriculum to look at Holocaust Studies
and genocide because we've got to have
educated young people and others like
you who are equipped to help us deal
with a lot of these issues because
unfortunately we are living with them
and we have to come up with a better
response I was privileged to announce
the atrocities prevention board when it
was first set up in the Obama
administration in Washington if any of
you have been there it was the most
appropriate perfect place to make that
announcement and I will certainly not
only continue it but look for ways that
its visibility can become higher so that
more people know that the United States
has this board and that we will work to
find ways to try to bring people
together around some common responses to
the potential for genocide learning from
the past and there are so many bows kind
of theoretical and practical aspects to
this that deserve a lot of thought for
example we know that oftentimes in
conflicts ethnic religious tribal other
leaders of groups actually set these
genocides or ethnic cleansing in motion
they use the media we saw that in bosnia
where people who had lived
together peacefully for a very long time
we're set against each other through a
propaganda effort on the media that
turned neighbor against neighbor and
even split families so we have to
understand quickly if something like
that is happening what are the best ways
to try to combat it we saw the same
thing in rwanda we have seen the same
thing in the central african republic
between Christians and Muslims and their
political battles so we have to we have
to not only condemn this and speak out
against the horrible effects of the
holocaust of genocide of atrocities but
we have to really analyze it and that's
why I'm so proud of the course you're
doing what triggers it what turns people
against one another who have been maybe
not loving each other but not killing
each other and then all of a sudden
there something sets them off and how do
we try to have interventions that
prevent that and it's a lot of cultures
are on a trip wire something can set
them off so how do we help other
countries with the huge variety of
cultures in the world understand what
they need to do to try to prevent it
from escalating so i'm i'm delighted and
I hope that those who are in this
program and graduate from it will find
you know ways in our government ways and
international organization in not for
profits to be really actively involved
in helping us understand what to do to
prevent this from happening in the
future
here comes a microphone more difficult
to get through there comes thank you for
taking my question
protected the American people in the
american economy for decades and then it
was dismantled and we crashed and hit
bottom at the debate you said you would
not be in support of reinstating glass
steagle I'm wondering why and also if
you become president how would you
protect us from Grove banks and Wall
Street I intend to do just that and my
plan is more comprehensive more
effective in fact tougher and take a
look at Paul Krugman's column today Paul
Krugman who I think has pretty amazing
progressive credentials right basically
said that I had the better side of this
argument now why did he say this because
I fully respect my colleagues who have
said let's reinstate glass steagle and
if I thought that alone would prevent
the potential next crisis had raised my
hand and join but that's not my
assessment because if you look as
Krugman said today in his column the
some of the major actors who caused the
08 crash were not big banks they would
have never been covered by glass steagle
AIG the giant insurance company Lehman
Brothers they would never have been
affected by it and what I want to do is
to crack down on the banks by assessing
a risk fee and forcing them to have to
comply with
dodd-frank and tougher regulations and I
am absolutely in favor of breaking them
up if they become a risk to the economy
but the potential next threat to our
economy that has to really be reined in
is what's called the shadow banking
world the hedge funds the money market
funds when do anything about that if it
were reinstated tomorrow so I have the
greatest respect for my colleagues and
former colleagues who are really focused
on that but I go further than that my
proposal which you can go to my website
and read about goes much further and
includes everybody that I think would
pose a risk to the economy including the
big banks but going much further than
that so that's why I've taken the
position I haven't you can read Paul
Krugman today to understand why ok
this young man I think it had his hand
up for a long time and he's got a
cheering section behind him he's brought
his own cheerleaders who are bisexual
member of the LGBT community equal
rights has been a very important thing
to me you said that over the years your
views on this topic of a bald how do you
compare yourself to other candidates
that have remained firm on their views
and how do you think you've done to
change from year past views
well I think that if you speak with the
Human Rights Campaign or any of the
large advocacy groups they will tell you
that they count on me and that you can
count on me I was I think the first and
only first lady ever to march in a gay
pride parade back in the late nineteen
nineties so I have been an advocate a
vocal visible advocate for equality and
against discrimination yes my views did
evolve and I think most people my age
would say the same thing there might be
some exceptions but largely because of
my strong opposition to discrimination
of any sort and my personal
relationships with a lot of people over
the years I certainly concluded that
marriage equality should be the law of
the land and I was thrilled when the
Supreme Court made it the law of the
land and I will
I will enforce marriage equality but
we've got to go further than that you
know in a lot of states now because of
the constitutional decision you can get
married on Saturday and get fired on
Monday because we still permit
discrimination in employment and public
accommodations so we have to pass the
Equality Act which is currently pending
in Congress that will be my highest
priority so that marriage isn't the end
of the debate it's a step along the path
to true equality and you will be able to
count on me to fight for you
go of your red nurse for twenty five
years in a long-term care setting and
we're faced with a lot of challenges
that I'm sure many people have
experience from Medicare cuts to drug
companies gouge people we've recently
had an individual that was being charged
$27,000 for seven days of medication
which is just not something people have
but in the bigger scheme right now is
the nursing shortage that is plaguing
the country and it's going to gain
momentum as baby boomers retire and new
hampshire's experiencing at the
long-term care industry is experiencing
as the hospital do you have any thoughts
on what we can do because when we're
looking at standards of care and quality
and the things that we want for our
loved ones but yet then people going
into the industry
challenge between their workload how do
we manage that and how do we make it
possible to raise the number of nurses
out there serving our community
and I think people know or should know
that nursing care is often the single
biggest reason people you either get
well and recover or not so the nurse is
at the center of the health care system
and a couple of things about this one
the last time I looked most nursing
programs were oversubscribed by people
wanting to get into them there were far
more applicants than there were places
for them so I think we should be
expanding our training programs are
educational programs so that we can
actually trained more nurses so we can
get ahead of what is a very serious
problem with the retirement of a lot of
baby boom nurses and the fact that we're
just not gonna have enough of a supply
if we don't start trying to fill the
pipeline now so there are some excellent
programs but we're gonna have to open
additional excellent programs and we're
gonna have to try to support and I would
be in favor of federal support for
programs that have a proven track record
of turning out excellent nurses so that
they can expand more faculty more slots
so that they can add to the numbers who
can get into the profession early I also
think it's important that nurses be
given more authority in the medical
settings in which they work we know that
a lot of nurses are being overworked
they're being asked to serve very long
shifts and a lot of them now because the
numbers have shrunk in a lot of settings
particularly hospital settings and I
think nursing home settings as well
nurses are responsible for many more
patients and nurses with whom I have
spoken have all said this is
unsustainable because if you've ever
shadowed a nurse which I did back in
2007 it's exhausting you know in and out
of patients rooms I was in a hospital
stopping to do the checking with doctors
filling out the forms by the end of the
shift you're just drained and if you're
trying to take care of too many patients
the result can be you know unfortunate
because we're not setting up our systems
to get the best possible care so i think
im both ends more training more
education more support for those
programs and try to make sure that
nurses on the job
have the support and the authority that
they need that's how I would try to
approach this one more question mike
there's a lot of hands up your mic so
I'm gonna let you pick whoever is with
your eyes shut ok all right bring us
back to student loans
Miami senior year at Keene State
elementary education department in the
last three years all of my loans have
been through credit card company because
my parents make too much money and my
fast and come to help me
$30,000 a year while they don't have
$30,000 a year to give me towards my
education so I have extremely high
interest rates and the only way I now
have any federal support for this year
is because I got married last summer so
I just find it
mind blowing and I'm still the same
person who's been with the scene partner
for six years in
and I've had the same parents with seem
jobs the same income financial situation
but now the government says hey now we
can help you because you got married and
before that I wasn't worth any federal
help I had to go through credit card
companies I can't stand that I think
that's terrible and so we're gonna
change that I think that application is
absurd i mean it is just absolutely
perfect storm application turns people
off and it penalizes people like your
parents so it's a lose lose no matter
where you start from the parents PLUS
loans I don't know if any of you have
those have become so expensive and way
beyond the means most families to be
able to manage the federal government
should not be making a profit off of
student loans that is
example is the same person that families
can make a contribution fine but it has
to be reasonable if students can work I
work so I maybe I'm a little biased 10
hours a week to be able to get debt free
tuition which is my goal debt free
tuition you never have to borrow a penny
to pay tuition for public college or
university like Keene State so that will
be caught and just generally become you
know so wrong
a young woman I think in Nevada say to
me you know the hardest part about going
to college shouldn't be figuring out how
to pay for it and the amount of stress
and anguish and disappointment from
young people and their families is just
beyond anything it should ever be and
the other problem which I encountered
back and forth in talking to people
about all of this is that a lot of young
people who try to start and then
something happens and they drop out they
are stuck with the loans and they don't
have anything to show for it because
they never got their degree and the
worst offenders are some not all I want
to make that very clear some of the not
for profit college or the for-profit
colleges that are pretty unscrupulous
and how they treat students and their
parents and one of the most groups are
veterans under the new GI Bill have the
opportunity to get an education and a
lot of these for-profit colleges try to
recruit the vets and then they basically
take the money under one of the
loopholes in the law and don't produce
the results for our vets so there are a
number of issues here that i'm gonna be
confronting and you know the debt free
tuition would be a big help to you
that's going to be one of my primary
goal is to make college more affordable
and to get
the debt load down and hopefully
eliminated in a more reasonable way than
what you're facing thank you all very
much