thank you
I don't know what I want and I want
everyone of you I still
country we're going to fight for
everybody and everything
gonna fight for real solutions that make
a real difference in people's lives
you know when I started this campaign
last spring I knew we were facing
profound challenges as a country the way
too many things we're going just wasn't
right it isn't right
the kids I met in Flint on Sunday were
poisoned because their governor wanted
to save money it is that right
grandmother here in new hampshire or
anywhere else you have to choose between
paying rent and buying medicine because
a prescription drug company increased
the price four thousand percent
overnight and it is it right that a
cashier that I met here in new hampshire
son is paid less than her son doing the
same work even though she's been on the
job for more years now people people
have every right to be angry but they're
also hungry hungry for solutions what
are we going
the fire were taking the country what is
the best way to change people's lives so
we can all go together
who is the best change maker
work harder than anyone to actually make
the changes that make your lives better
in this campaign you've heard a lot
about washington and about Wall Street
now senator Sanders and I both wanna get
secret unaccountable money out of
politics and let's remember remember
citizens united one of the worst Supreme
Court decisions in our country's history
was actually a case about a right wing
attack on the and my campaign a
right-wing organization aimed at me and
ended up damaging our entire democracy
so yes you're not going to find anybody
more committed to aggressive campaign
we also agree that Wall Street can never
be allowed to once again threaten made
Street and I will fight to rein in Wall
Street and you know what I know how to
do it
bank can't be too big to fail and no
executive too powerful to jail
you can count on it now the real
differences in this race are truly over
how do we create a future of prosperity
opportunity and security for all of us
we need to build a growth and fairness
economy with higher wages and more
good-paying jobs including a bold
national mission to create millions of
jobs in clean energy manufacturing and
infrastructure
unleash again the innovation of our
entrepreneurs and small businesses make
it easier for parents to balance work
and family close the loopholes in our
tax code crackdown on corporations that
game the system stop other countries
from taking advantage of us with unfair
trade practices but even all that is not
enough we also have to break through the
barriers of bigotry african-american
parents shouldn't have to worry that
their children will be harassed
humiliated because of the color of their
skin
immigrant families have to lie awake at
night listening for a knock on the door
LGBT Americans shouldn't be fired from
their jobs because the home
and let's finally delivers something
long overdue equal pay for women and
how I feel
president has to do all parts the job
for all Americans to make sure nothing
holds you back not dead discrimination
not a deck that's always stacked with
those at the top we need to break down
those barriers and build ladders of
opportunity for every person that's how
we will build a better tomorrow together
and that has been the cause and work of
my life you know my family and I they
taught me a simple credo do all the good
you can in all the ways you can for all
the people you can that's what called me
to a life of service just like millions
of teachers and nurses and police
officers and firefighters and members of
our armed services
get up every day and do why it work
the heroic work for all the rest of us
but when children anywhere in our
country
go to bed hungry or are denied a quality
education or who face abuse or
abandonment that this finishes all of us
that's why I did start my career the
children's defense fund that's why I
went undercover in alabama to expose
racism in schools that's why I worked
for juvenile justice and South Carolina
and that is why I went to Flint Michigan
on Sunday
anywhere in america are held back by
injustice that demands action that is
why I believe so strongly that we have
to keep up with every fiber of our being
given for the campaign for human rights
human rights as women rights human
rights as gay rights human rights as
worker rights human rights as voting
rights right across the board for every
single American
now that that is who I am that is what
I've always done that is why I am in
this race I know I have some work to do
particularly with young people but I
will repeat again what I have said this
way even if they are not supporting me
now I support them because I know
a blessed life but I also know what it's
like to stumble and fall and so many
people across america know that feeling
and we've learned it's not whether you
get knocked down that matters it's
whether you get back
building on the progress we've made
under President Obama pushing forward
every single day for as long as it takes
to break down those barriers that hold
us back we've got to believe in the
basic proposition of our country when
all americans have the chance to succeed
when each of us has the opportunity to
live up to our own god-given potential
then and only then can America live up
to its potential as well
thank all of you I am very grateful to
my wonderful family knowing there by my
side keeps me going
thousands of volunteers and organizers
who called neighbors and knocked on
doors and then
Hillary Clinton dot com to give what you
could more than 700,000 people have
contributed to this campaign the vast
majority having less than $100 I know
that doesn't fit with the narrative I
know there are those who want to deny
the passion and the purpose you all show
every day for this campaign but you are
there is that we are here and you are
the reason we are going to win the
nomination at that where there's so much
shit together thank you thank you sir