ahead on Bernie Sanders right now what a
great campaign their shares to campaign
across Iowa with so many of you to make
the case for the kind of future we want
for the democratic party and for the
United States of America
there is so much at stake in this
election I don't need to tell you every
single one of you who came out for me to
work so many hours from my young
organizers with energy
families and friends across this state I
am deeply grateful
well here's what I want you to know it
is rare it is rare that we have the
opportunity we do now to have a real
contest of ideas
Joe really think hard about what the
democratic party stands for and what we
want the future of our country to look
like if we do our part to build it ima
progressive who gets things done
to stand in the long line of American
reformers who make up our minds that the
status quo is not good enough but
standing still is not an option and that
brings people together to find ways
forward that will improve the lives of
Americans I look back over the years my
involvement from that very first job I
had at the children's defense fund and I
know we are capable of doing I know we
can create more good-paying jobs and
raise incomes for hard-working Americans
again I know that we can finish the job
of universal health care coverage
I know we can come back climate change
and be that clean energy superpower
eventually force
we can make our education system work
for every one of our children especially
at all
disadvantages we can make college
affordable and get stoned and dad off
the backs of young people
our rights women's rights
workers rights
we can stand up to the gun lobby and get
common-sense gun safety manager
we do that we do that by securing the
nomination and then we do it by winning
and going in at White House as others be
four have determined to push forward on
the great goals and values that unite us
as Americans I congratulate I
congratulate my esteemed friends and
opponents I wish governor O'Malley the
very best he's a great public servant
who has served our country
cited about really getting into the
debate with senator Sanders about the
best way for
in the last few weeks in the last few
weeks we finally began to have what i
think is one of the most important
substantive conversations that the
democratic party could have and I am I
am thrilled at all the people who are
playing a part in that I know that we
may have differences of opinion about
how best to achieve our goals but I
believe we have a very clear idea that
the democratic party and this campaign
stands for what is best in America and
we have to
we had to be united against a republican
vision and candidates who would drive us
apart and divide us that is not who we
are my friends I followed their campaign
very closely I understand what they're
appealing to and I intend to stand
against it I will the progress that
we've made be successful because we
can't afford that so as I stand here
tonight
breathing a big sigh of relief thank you
standing up for you I will keep fighting
for you I will always work to achieve
the america that I believe in where the
promise of that dream that we hold out
to our children and our grandchildren
never fades but its spires generations
to join a let's go