everyone at the new school for welcoming
us today I'm delighted to be back over
the past few months I have had the
opportunity to listen to americans
concerns about an economy that still
isn't delivering for them it's not
delivering the way that it should it
still seems to most Americans I have
spoken with that it is stacked for those
at the top but I've also heard about the
hopes that people have for their future
going to college without drowning in
debt
starting that small business they've
always dreamed about getting a job that
pays well enough to support a family and
provide for a secure retirement previous
generations of Americans built the
greatest economy and strongest
middle-class the world has ever known
on the promise of a basic bargain if you
work hard and do your part you should be
able to get ahead and when you get ahead
America gets ahead but over the past
several decades that bargain has eroded
our job is to make it strong again for
35 years Republicans have argued that if
we give more well to those at the top by
cutting their taxes and letting big
corporations write their own rules it
will trickle down it will trickle down
to everyone else yet every time they
have a chance to try that approach it
explodes the National death concentrates
well even more and does practically
nothing to help hard-working Americans
twice now in the past 20 years a
democratic president has had to come in
and clean up the mess left behind
I think the results speak for themselves
under president clinton I like the sound
of that america saw the longest
peacetime expansion in our history
nearly 23 million jobs a balanced budget
and a surplus for the future and most
importantly incomes rose across the
board not just for those already at the
top eight years later President Obama
and the american people's hard work
hold us back from the brink of
depression President Obama saved the
auto industry imposed new rules on wall
street and provided health care to 16
million Americans
now today day as the shadow of crisis
recedes and longer-term challenges come
into focus I believe we have to build a
growth and fairness economy you can't
have one without the other
we can't create enough jobs and new
businesses without more growth and we
can't build strong families and support
our consumer economy without more
fairness we need both because while
america is standing again we're not yet
running the way we should corporate
profits are at near record highs and
americans are working as hard as ever
but thx barely budged in real terms
families today are stretched in so many
directions and so are their budgets out
of pocket costs health care child care
caring for aging parents are rising a
lot faster than wages I hear this
everywhere I go
a single mom who talked to me about
juggling a job and classes at community
college while raising three kids she
doesn't expect anything to come easy but
if you got a raise
everything wouldn't be quite so hard the
grandmother who worked around the clock
providing child care to other people's
kids she's proud of her work but the pay
is barely enough to live on
especially with the soaring price of her
prescription drugs
the young entrepreneur whose dream of
buying the bowling out where he worked
at the teenager was nearly derailed by
his student depth if you can grow his
business will be able to pay off his
debt and pay its employees including
himself more to millions of hard-working
americans tell similar stories
leeches need to rise to keep up with
costs
paychecks need to grow families who work
hard and do their part
deserve to get ahead and stay ahead the
defining economic challenge of our time
is clear we must raise incomes for
hard-working Americans so they can
afford a middle-class life we must drive
strong and steady income growth that
lifts up families and lifts up our
country and that I'm president to the
left eye
I will get up everyday thinking about
the families of America like the family
that I came from a hard-working dad is
starting a small business and scrimped
and saved and gave us a good
middle-class life I'll be thinking about
all the people that I represented here
in New York and the stories that they
told me and that I worked with them to
improve and I will as your president
take on this challenge against the
backdrop of major changes in our economy
and the global economy that didn't start
with the recession and won't end with
the recovery you know advances in
technology and expanding global trade
have created a whole new areas of
commercial activity and open new markets
for exports but too often they're also
polarizing our economy benefiting
high-skilled workers but displacing or
downgrading blue-collar jobs and other
mid-level jobs that used to provide
incomes for millions of Americans
today's marketplace focuses too much on
the short-term like second to second
financial trading and quarterly earnings
reports and too little on long-term
investments meanwhile many Americans are
making extra money renting out a spare
room designing websites selling products
they design themselves at home or even
driving their own car this on demand or
so-called big economy is creating
exciting opportunities and unleashing
innovation but it's also raising hard
questions about workplace protections
and what a good job will look like in
the future so all of these trends are
real and none none is going away but
they don't determine our destiny the
choices we make as a nation matter and
the choices we make in the years ahead
will set the stage for what
American life in the middle class in our
economy will be like in this century as
President I will work with every
possible partner to turn the tide to
make these currents of change start
working for us more than against us to
strengthen not how about the American
middle class is I think it our best
that's what Americans do we are problem
solvers not deniers we don't hide from
change we harness the measure of our
success must be how much incomes rise
for hard-working families not just for
successful CEOs and money managers and
not just some arbitrary growth target
untethered to people's lives and
livelihoods
I want our economy work for the
struggling striving and the successful
we're not going to find all the answers
we need today in the PlayBook's of the
past we can't go back to the old
policies that failed us before nor can
we just replay the successes today is
not 1993 it's not 2009 so we needed a
solution for the big challenges we face
now so today I'm proposing an agenda to
raise incomes for hard-working Americans
an agenda for strong growth their growth
and long-term growth
let me begin with strong growth more
growth means more jobs and more new
businesses more jobs give people choices
about where to work and employers have
to offer higher wages and better
benefits in order to compete with each
other to hire new workers and keep the
productive ones that's why economist how
US that getting closer to full
employment is crucial for raising
incomes small businesses create more
than 60% of new American jobs on net so
they have to be a top priority
I've said I want to be the small
business president and I mean it and
throughout this campaign I'm going to be
talking about how we empower
entrepreneurs with less red tape easier
access to capital tax relief and
simplification however push for broader
business tax reform to spur investment
in america closing those loopholes that
reward companies for sending jobs and
profits overseas
and I know it's not always how we think
about this but another engine of strong
growth should be comprehensive
immigration reform I want you to hear
this bringing millions of hardworking
people into the formal economy would
increase our gross domestic product by
an estimated 700 billion dollars over 10
years then there are the new public
investments that will help establish
businesses and entrepreneurs create the
next generation of high-paying jobs
know when we get americans moving we get
our country moving so let's establish an
infrastructure bank that can channel
more public and private fun
those funds to finance world-class
airports railways roads bridges and
ports and let's build those faster
broadband networks and make sure there's
a greater diversity of providers so
consumers have more choice and really
there's no excuse not to make greater
investments in cleaner renewable energy
right now our economy obviously runs on
energy and the time has come to make
america the world's clean energy
superpower I dedicate that because these
investments will create millions of jobs
save us money in the long run and help
us meet the threats of climate change
and let's fund the scientific and
medical research that spawns innovative
companies and creates entire new
industries just as the project to
sequence the human genome did in the
nineteen nineties and President Obama's
initiatives on precision medicine and
brain research will do in the coming
years I will set ambitious goals in all
of these areas in the months ahead but
today let me emphasize another key
ingredient of strong growth that often
goes overlooked and undervalued breaking
down barriers more americans participate
more fully in the work force especially
women
we are in a global competition as I'm
sure you have noticed and we can't
afford to leave talent on the sidelines
but that's exactly what we're doing
today when we leave people out or write
them off we not only short-changed them
and their dreams we shortchange our
country and our future
the movement of women into the american
workforce over the past 40 years was
responsible for more than three and a
half trillion dollars in economic growth
but that progress has stalled the United
States used to rank seventh out of 24
advanced countries in women's labor
force participation by 2013 we had
dropped to ninety that represents a lot
of fun
used potential for our economy and for
american families studies show that
nearly a third of this decline relative
to other countries is because they're
expanding family friendly policies like
paid leave and we are not we should be
making it easier for Americans to be
both good workers and good parents and
caregivers women who want to work should
be able to do so without worrying
everyday about how they're going to take
care of their children or what will
happen if a family member get sick you
know last year
while I was at the hospital here in
Manhattan waiting for a little Charlotte
to make a grand entrance one of the
nurses said thank you for fighting for
paid leave and we began to talk about it
she sees firsthand what it means for
herself and her colleagues as well as
for the working parents that she helps
take care of it's time to recognize that
quality affordable child care is not a
luxury it's a growth strategy and it's
way past time to end the outrage of so
many women still earning less than men
on the job and women of color making
even less
this lost money adds up for some women
its thousands of dollars every year now
I am well aware that for far too long
these challenges have been dismissed by
some as women's issues all those days
are over their pay and fair scheduling
paid family leave and earned sick days
childcare are essential to our
competitiveness and our growth and we
can do this in a way that doesn't impose
unfair burdens on businesses especially
small businesses as president
our fight to put families first just
like I have my entire career
now beyond strong growth we also need
fair growth and that will be the second
key driver of raising incomes the
evidence is in in a quality is a drag on
our entire economy so this is the
problem we need to tackle now you may
have heard governor bush say last week
that Americans just need to work longer
hours
well he must not have met very many
american workers led him to tell that to
the nurse who stands on her feet all day
or the teacher who is in that classroom
or the trucker who drives all night let
him talk about to the fast-food workers
marching in the streets for better pay
they don't need a lecture they need a
raise
the truth is the current rules for our
economy to reward some work like
financial trading for example much more
than other work like actually building
and selling things that work that has
always been the backbone of our economy
to get all incomes rising again we need
to strike a better balance if you work
hard you are to be paid fairly so we do
have to raise the minimum wage and
implement President Obama's new rules on
overtime and then we have to go further
crackdown on bosses who exploit
employees by misclassifying them as
contractors or even steal their wages to
make paycheck stretch we need to take on
the major strain on family budgets I'll
protect the Affordable Care Act and
build on it to lower out-of-pocket
health care costs
and to make prescription drugs more
affordable will help families look
forward to retirement by defending and
enhancing social security and making it
easier to save for the future
how many of these proposals are
time-tested and more than a little
battle-scarred we need new ideas as well
and one that I believe in and will fight
for is profit-sharing hard working
americans deserve to benefit from the
record corporate earnings they help
reduce so I will propose ways to
encourage companies to share profits
with their employees
that's good for workers and good for
businesses studies show that profit
sharing that gives everyone a state in a
company's success can boost productivity
and put money directly into employees
pockets it's a win-win later this week
in new hampshire I'll have more to say
about how we do this another priority
must be performing our tax code now we
hear republican candidates talked a lot
about tax reform but take a good look at
their plans senator Rubio's would cut
taxes for households making around three
million dollars a year by almost
$240,000 which is way more than three
times the earnings of a typical family
well that's a sure budget-busting
giveaway to the super wealthy and that's
the kind of bad economics you're likely
to hear from any of the candidates on
the other side I have a different take
guided by some simple principle first
hard-working families need and deserve
tax relief and simplification second
those at the top half to pay their fair
share that's why I support the Buffett
Rule which make sure that millionaires
don't pay lower rates than their
secretaries I've also called for closing
the carried interest loophole which lets
wealthy financier pay an artificially
low rate and let's agree that hugely
successful companies that benefit from
everything America has to offer
should not be able to game the system
and avoid paying their fair share
especially while companies who can't
afford high-priced lawyers and lobbyists
end up paying more
alongside tax reform it's time to stand
up to efforts across our country to
undermine worker bargaining power which
has been proven again and again to drive
up wages republican governors like Scott
Walker have made their names
stomping on workers rights and
practically all the republican
candidates hope to do the same as
President I will fight back against
these mean-spirited misguided attacks
evidence evidence shows that the decline
of unions may be responsible for a third
of the increase in equality among men
we want to get serious about raising
incomes we have to get serious about
supporting union workers and let me just
say a word here about three the Greek
crisis as well as the Chinese stock
market have reminded us that grows here
at home and growth an ocean away are
linked in a common global economy trade
has been a major driver of the economy
over recent decades but has also
contributed to hollowing out our
manufacturing base and many hard-working
communities so we do need to set a high
bar for trade agreements we should
support them if they create jobs raise
wages and advance our national security
and we should be prepared to walk away
if they don't to create their growth we
need to create opportunity for more
americans I love thing by Abraham
Lincoln who in many ways was not only a
president who saved our union but the
president who understood profoundly the
importance of the middle class and the
importance of government laying its role
in
providing opportunities talked about
giving Americans a fair chance in the
race of life I believe that with all my
heart but I also believe it has to start
really early at birth
high-quality early learning especially
in the first five years and set children
on the course for future success and
raised lifetime incomes by 25% and I'm
every year old in america have access to
high-quality preschool in the next ten
years but i wanna do more I want to call
for a great outpouring of support from
our faith community our business
community are academic institutions from
philanthropy and civic groups and
concerned citizens who really help
parents particularly parents work see
seeing a lot of obstacles to really help
prepare their own children in that 024
age group
eighty percent of your brain is
typically formed by the age of three
that's why families like mine read talk
and sing endlessly to our granddaughter
have said that her first words gonna be
enough with the reading and the copying
of a singing but we do it not only
because we love doing it even though
I'll admit it's a little embarrassing
reading a book to a two-week older
six-week older 10 we go but we do it
because we understand it's building
capacity for learning and the research
shows by the time she enters
kindergarten she will have heard thirty
million more words than a child from a
less advantaged background of what we
are losing because we're not doing
everything we can to reach out to those
families and we know again from so much
research here the United States and
around the world at that early help that
mentoring that intervention
to help those often stressed out young
moms understand more about what they can
do and to avoid the difficulties that
stand in the way of their being able to
really get their child off to the best
possible start we also have to invest in
our students and our teachers at every
level and in the coming weeks and months
I will lay out specific steps to improve
our schools make college truly
affordable and help Americans refinance
their student debt and let's embrace
life long learning in an age of
technological change we need to provide
pathways to get skills who credentials
for new occupations and create online
platforms to connect workers to jobs
there are exciting efforts underway and
I want to support and scale the ones
that show results as we pursue all these
policies we can't forget our fellow
Americans hit so hard and left behind by
this changing world and the inner cities
to call country Indian Country calendar
is universal you find it everywhere but
opportunity is not there are nearly six
million young people aged 16 to 24 in
america today who are not in school or
at work
the numbers for young people of color
are particularly staggering a quarter of
young black men and nearly fifteen
percent of all latino youth cannot find
a job we've got to do a better way of
coming up to match the growing middle
class incomes we want to generate with
more pathways into the middle class I
firmly believe that the best anti
poverty program is a job but that's hard
to say if there aren't enough jobs for
people that were trying to help lift
themselves out of poverty that's why
I've called for reviving the new markets
tax credit and empowerment zones to
create
greater incentives to invest in poor and
remote areas when we're all americans
have the chance to study hard work hard
and share in our country's prosperity
that's their growth it's what I've
always believed in its what I will fight
for as president now the 30 driver of
income alongside strong growth and fear
growth must be long-term growth too many
pressures in our economy push us toward
short-termism many business leaders see
this they've talked to me about it
one is called it the problem of
quarterly capitalism they say
everything's focused on the next
earnings report for the short-term share
price and the result is too little
attention on the sources of long-term
growth research and development physical
capital and talent net business
investment which includes things like
factories machines and research labs
have declined as a share of the economy
in recent years some of our biggest
companies have spent more than half
their earnings to buy back their own
stock and another third or more to pay
dividends doesn't leave a lot left to
raise page or invest in the workers who
made those profits possible or to make
new investments necessary to ensure a
company's future success these trends
need to change and I believe that many
business leaders are eager to embrace
their responsibilities not just today's
share price but also to workers
communities and ultimately to our
country and indeed our planet no I'm not
talking about charity i'm talking about
clear i'd capitalism many companies have
prospered by improving wages and
training their workers that then yields
higher productivity better service and
larger profits now it's easy to try to
cut costs by holding
down or even decreasing pay and other
investments to inflate for daily stock
prices but I would argue that's bad for
business in the long run and it's really
bad for our country
workers are assets investing in them
pays off higher wages payoff training
pays off to help more companies do that
I proposed a new $1,500 tax credit for
every worker they train and hire and I
will soon be proposing a new plan to
reform capital gains taxes to reward
longer-term investments that create jobs
more than just quick trades
I will also propose reforms to help CEOs
and shareholders alike
focus on the next decade rather than
just the next day making sure aren't
being used only for an immediate boost
in share prices empowering outside
investors who want to build companies
but discouraging cut and run
shareholders who act more like
old-school corporate raiders and nowhere
will the shift from short-term to
long-term be more important than on Wall
Street as a former senator from New York
I know firsthand the role that Wall
Street can and should play in our
economy helping Main Street grow and
prosper and boosting new companies that
make America more competitive globally
but as we all know in the years before
the crash
financial firms piled risk upon risk and
regulators in washington either couldn't
or wouldn't keep up I was alarmed by
this gathering storm and called for
addressing the risks of derivatives
cracking down on subprime mortgages and
improving financial oversight under
President Obama's leadership we've
imposed tough new rules that deal with
some of the challenges on wall street
but those rules have been under assault
by republicans in congress and those
running for president I will fight back
against these attacks and protect the
reforms we've made we can do that and
still ease burdens on community banks to
encourage responsible loans to local
people and businesses they know and
trust we also have to go beyond
dodd-frank too many of our major
financial institutions are still too
complex and too risky and the problems
are not limited to the big banks to get
all the headlines serious risks are
emerging from institutions in the
so-called shadow banking system
including hedge funds high-frequency
traders
non-bank finance companies so many new
kinds of entities which received little
oversight at all
stories of misconduct by individuals and
institutions in the financial industry
are shocking HSBC allowing drug cartels
to launder money five major banks
pleading guilty to felony charges for
conspiring to manipulate currency
exchange and interest rates there can be
no justification for tolerance for this
kind of criminal behavior
and in some cases admitted guilt too
often it has seemed that the human
beings responsible get off with limited
consequences or none at all even when
they've already pocketed gains this is
wrong and on my watch it will change
over the course over the course of this
campaign I will offer plans to rein in
excessive risks on wall street and
ensure that stock markets work for
everyday investors not just
high-frequency traders and those with
the best or fastest connections I will
appoint and empower regulators who
understand that too big to fail is still
too big a problem will ensure will
ensure that no firm is too complex to
manage or oversee and we will prosecute
individuals as well as firms when they
commit fraud or other criminal
wrongdoing and when the government
recovers money from corporations or
individuals for harming the public if
you go into a separate trust fund to
benefit the public it could for example
help modernize infrastructure or even be
returned directly to taxpayers now
reform is never easy but we've done it
before in our country and we have to get
it right this time and yes we need
leadership from the financial industry
and across the private sector to join
with us two years ago the head of the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Terry Duffy
published an op-ed in the Wall Street
Journal that really caught my attention
he wrote and i quote I'm concerned that
those of us in financial services have
forgotten who we serve and that the
public knows it
some wall streeters can too easily
into regarding their work as a kind of
money making game divorced and the
concerns of Main Street I think we
should listen to Terry Duffy of course
long-term growth is only possible if the
public sector's steps up as well so it's
time to end the era of budget
brinkmanship and stop careening from one
cell phone inflicted crisis to another
it's time to stop having debates over
the small stuff and focus how we're
going to tackle the big stuff together
how do we respond to technological
change in a way that creates more good
jobs than it displaces or destroys can
we sustain a boom in advanced
manufacturing what are the best ways to
nurture startups outside the successful
corridors like Silicon Valley questions
like these demand for oil and mature
debate from our policymakers in
government from our leaders in the
private sector are economists' are
academics others who can come together
to the table and on behalf of America
performed their patriotic duty to make
sure our economy keeps working and are
middle-class keeps growing
government has to be smarter simpler
more focused itself on long-term
investments than short-term politics and
be a better partner to cities states and
the private sector Washington has to be
a better steward of Americans tax
dollars and Americans trust and please
let's get back to making decisions that
rely on evidence more than ideology
that's what I'll do as president I will
seek out and welcome any good idea that
is actually based on reality I wanna
have principled and pragmatic and
progressive policies that really move us
forward together and I will propose ways
to ensure that our fiscal outlook is
sustainable including by continuing to
restrain health care costs which remain
one of the key drivers of long-term
deficits I will make sure washington
learns from how well local governments
businesses and nonprofits are working
together in successful cities and towns
across America no passing legislation is
not the only way to drive progress as
President I will use the power to
convene connect and collaborate to build
partnerships that actually gets things
done because above all we have to break
out of the poisonous partisan gridlock
and focus on the long-term needs of our
country
I confess maybe it's the grandmother and
me but I believe that part of public
service is planting trees under whose
shade you'll never sit and the vision
I've laid out here today
strong growth hair growth and long-term
growth all working together will get
incomes rising again will help working
families get ahead and stay ahead that
is the test of our time and I'm inviting
everyone to please join me to do your
part that's what great countries do
that's what our country always has done
we rise to challenges it's not about
left right or center about the future
versus the past I'm running for
president to build an america for
tomorrow not yesterday an America built
on growth in fairness and America where
if you do your part you will reap the
rewards where we don't need anyone
I just want one more thought I want
every child every child in our country
not just the grand daughter of a former
president or former secretary of state
but every child to have the chance to
live up to his or her god-given
potential please join me in that mission
let's do it together
thank you all so much