more dangerous path leading to a far
less certain and riskier future that's
why I support this deal I supported as
part of a larger strategy toward Iran by
now the outcome in congress is no longer
in much doubt so we've got to start
looking ahead to what comes next
enforcing the deal deterring Iran and
its proxies and strengthening our allies
these will be my goals as president and
today I want to talk about how I would
achieve them
let me start by saying I understand the
skepticism so many feel about Iran I too
am deeply concerned about Iranian
aggression and the need to confront it
it's a ruthless brutal regime that has
the blood of Americans many others
including its own people on its hands
its political rallies read sound with
cries of death to America its leaders
talk about wiping Israel off the face of
the map most recently just yesterday and
foment terror against it
there is absolutely no reason to trust
iran now Vice President Cheney may hope
that the american people will simply
forget but the truth is by the time
President Obama took office and I became
Secretary of State Iran was racing
toward a nuclear capability they had
mastered the nuclear fuel cycle meaning
that they had the material scientists
and technical know how to create
material for nuclear weapons they had
produced and installed thousands of
centrifuges expanded their secret
facilities established a robust uranium
enrichment program and defied their
international obligations under the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty and
they hadn't suffered many consequences
whose I voted for sanctions again and
again as a senator from New York but
they weren't having much effect most of
the world still did business with Iran
we needed to step up our game so
President Obama and I pursued a
two-prong strategy pressure and
engagement we made it clear that the
door to diplomacy was open if Iran
answer the concerns of the international
community in a serious and credible way
we simultaneously launched a
comprehensive campaign to significantly
raise the cost of Iranian defiance we
systematically increased our military
capabilities in the region
deepening our cooperation with partners
and sending more firepower and
additional aircraft carrier battle ship
strike aircraft and the most advanced
radar and missile defense systems
available
meanwhile I traveled the world capital
by capital leader by leader twisting
arms to help build the global coalition
that produced some of the most effective
sanctions in history with President
Obama's leadership we worked with
congress and the European Union to cut
Iran off from the world economic and
financial system and one by one we
persuaded energy-hungry consumers of
Iranian oil like India and South Korea
to cut back soon
Iran's tankers said rusting in Port its
economy was collapsing these new
measures were effective because we made
them global American sanctions provided
the foundation but Iran didn't really
feel the heat until we turn this into an
international campaign so by adding that
Iran had no choice but to negotiate they
could no longer play off one country
against another they had no place to
hide so they started looking for a way
out I first visited on Mon to speak with
the Sultan of Oman and J
January of 2011 went back later that
year assault on helped set up a secret
back channel I set one of my closest
aides as part of a small team to begin
talks with the iranians in secret
negotiations began in earnest after the
Iranian election in 2013
first the bilateral talks led by Deputy
Secretary bill burns and Jake Sullivan
that led to the interim agreement then
the multilateral talks led by secretary
John Kerry secretary Ernie Moniz and
undersecretary Wendy Sherman now there's
a comprehensive agreement on Iran's
nuclear program is it perfect of course
not no agreement like this ever is but
is it a strong agreement yes it is and
we absolutely should not turn it down
the merits of the deal have been well
argued so I won't go through them in
great detail here the bottom line is
that it accomplishes the major goals we
set out to achieve it blocks every
pathway Iran to get a bomb and it gives
us better tools for verification and
inspection and to compel rigorous
compliance without a deal
Iran's breakout time how long they need
to produce enough material for a nuclear
weapon which ring to a couple of months
with a deal that breakout time stretches
to a year which means that if Iran
cheats will know it and we'll have time
to respond decisively without a deal we
would have no credible inspections of
Iran's nuclear facilities with a deal
will have unprecedented access we'll be
able to monitor every aspect of their
nuclear program now some have expressed
concern that certain nuclear
restrictions expire after 15 years and
we need to be vigilant about that which
I'll talk more about in a moment
but other parts are permanent including
Iran's obligations under the
non-proliferation treaty and their
commitment to enhanced inspections under
the Additional Protocol others have
expressed concern that it could take up
to 24 days to gain access to some of
Iran's facilities when we suspected
cheating I'd be the first to say that
this part of the deal is not perfect
although the deal does allow for daily
access to enrichment facilities and
monitoring of the entire nuclear fuel
cycle important to focus on that because
being able to monitor the supply chain
is critical to what we will find out and
how we will be able to respond but our
experts tell us that even with delayed
access to some places this deal does the
job
microscopic nuclear particles remain for
years and years they are impossible to
hide that's why secretary Moniz a
nuclear physicist has confidence in this
plan and some have suggested that we
just go back to the negotiating table
and get a better unspecified to you I
can certainly understand why that may
sound appealing but as someone who
started these talks in the first place
and built our global coalition
piece-by-piece I can assure you it is
not realistic plus if we walk away now
our capacity to sustain and enforce
sanctions will be severely diminished we
will be blamed
not the iranians so if we were to reject
this Agreement Iran would be poised to
get nearly everything it wants without
giving up a thing no restrictions on
their nuclear program no real warning if
Tehran suddenly rushes toward a bomb and
the international sanctions regime would
fall apart so no more economic
sequences for Iran either those of us
who have been out there on the
diplomatic front lines know that
diplomacy is not the pursuit of
perfection
it's the balancing of risk and on
balance the far riskier course right now
would be to walk away
great powers can't just junk agreements
and expect the rest of the world to go
along with us we need to be reasonable
and consistent and we need to keep our
word especially when we're trying to
lead a coalition that's how we'll make
this and future deals work but it's not
enough just to say yes to this deal of
course it is it we have to say yes and
yes and we will enforce it with vigor
and vigilance yes and we will embed it
in a broader strategy to confront Iran's
bad behavior in the region yes and we
will begin from day one to set the
conditions so Iran knows it will never
be able to get a nuclear weapon not
during the term of the agreement not
after not ever we need to be clear and I
think we have to make that very clear to
Iran about what we expect from them this
is not the start of some larger
diplomatic opening and we shouldn't
expect that this deal will lead to
broader changes in their behavior that
shouldn't be a promise or proceeding
instead we need to be prepared for three
scenarios first Iran tries to cheat
something it's been quite willing to do
in the past second Iran tries to wait us
out perhaps it wait to move for 15 years
when some but not all restrictions
expire and 3rd year on ramps up its
dangerous behavior in the region
including its support for terrorist
groups like hamas
hola I believe that the success of this
deal has a lot to do with how the next
president grapples with these challenges
so let me tell you what I would do my
starting point will be one of just trust
you remember president reagan's line
about the soviets trust but verify my
approach will be distrust and verify we
should anticipate that Iran will test
the next president they'll want to see
how far they can bend the rules that
won't work if I'm in the white house
hold the line against Iranian
non-compliance that means penalties even
for small violations keeping our allies
on board but being willing to snap back
sanctions into place unilaterally if we
have to working with Congress to close
any gaps in the sanctions right now
members of congress are offering
proposals to that effect and I think the
current administration should work with
them to see whether there are additional
steps that could be taken finally it
means ensuring that the IAEA has the
resources it needs from finances to
personnel to equipment to hold Iran's
feet to the fire but the most important
thing we can do to keep Iran from
cheating or trying to wait us out is to
shape Iranian expectations right from
the start the iranians and the world
need to understand that we will act
decisively if we need to so here's my
message to Iran's years the united
states will never allow you to acquire a
nuclear weapon as President I will take
whatever actions are necessary to
protect the United States and our allies
I will not hesitate to take military
action if Iran attempts to obtain a
nuclear weapon and I will set up my
successor to be able to credibly make
the same
which we will make clear to Iran that
our national commitment to prevention
will not waver depending on who's in
office its permanent and should it
become necessary in the future
having exhausted peaceful alternatives
to turn to military force we will have
preserved and in some cases enhanced our
capacity to act and because we have
proven our commitment to diplomacy first
the world more likely join us then
there's the broader issue of countering
Iran's bad behavior across the region
taking nuclear weapons out of the
equation is crucial because in Iran with
nuclear weapons is so much more
dangerous than in Iran without them but
even without nuclear weapons we still
see Iran's fingerprints on nearly every
conflict across the Middle East they
support bad actors from Syria to Lebanon
TN they vowed to destroy Israel and
that's worth saying again they've to
destroy Israel we cannot ever take that
lightly particularly when iran ships at
Vance missiles to Hezbollah and the
ayatollah outlines an actual strategy
for eliminating Israel for talks about
how Israel won't exist and twenty-five
years just like he did today and in
addition to all the malicious activity
they already under right we've got to
anticipate that Iran could use some of
the economic relief they get from this
deal to pay for even more so as
President I will raise the costs for
their actions and confront them across
the board my strategy will be based on 5
strong pillars first I will deepen
america's unshakable commitment to
Israel's security including our
longstanding tradition
guaranteeing israel's qualitative
military edge increase support for
israeli rocket and missile defenses and
for intelligence sharing I'll sell
Israel the most sophisticated fighter
aircraft ever developed the f35 will
work together to develop and implement
better tunnel detection technology to
prevent arms smuggling and kidnapping as
well as the strongest possible missile
defense system for northern Israel which
has been subjected to hezbollah attacks
for years I will reaffirm that the
Persian Gulf is a region of vital
interest to the United States we don't
want any of Iran's neighbors to develop
or acquire a nuclear weapons program
either so we want them to feel and be
secure I will sustain a robust military
presence in the region especially our
air and naval forces will keep the
Strait of Hormuz open will increase
security cooperation with our Gulf
allies including intelligence sharing
military support and missile defense to
ensure they can defend against Iranian
aggression even if that takes the form
of cyber attacks or other
non-traditional threats Iran should
understand that the united states and I
as president will not stand by as our
Gulf allies and partners are threatened
we will act third I will build a
coalition to counter Iran's proxies
particularly hezbollah that means
enforcing and strengthening the rules
prohibiting the transfer of weapons to
Hezbollah looking at new ways to choke
off their funding and pressing our
partners to treat Hezbollah as a
terrorist organization it is it's time
to eliminate the false distinction that
some still make between the supposed
political and military wings if you're
part of hezbollah you're part of a
terrorist organization
plane
and simple beyond hezbollah crackdown on
the shipment of weapons to Hamas and
pushed Turkey and got her to end their
financial support our press our partners
in the region to prevent aircraft and
ships owned by companies linked to
Iran's Revolutionary Guard from entering
their territories and urge our partners
to block Iranian planes entering their
airspace on their way to Yemen and Syria
across the board I will vigorously
enforce and strengthened if necessary
the American sanctions on Iran and its
revolutionary guard for its sponsorship
of terrorism its ballistic missile
program and other destabilizing
activities all enforce and strengthened
if necessary
are restrictions on sending arms to iran
and from Iran to bad actors like Syria
and all imposes these sanctions on
everyone involved in these activities
whether they're in iran or overseas this
will be a special imperative as some of
the UN sanctions laps to the USA and our
partners have to step up fourth I'll
stand as I always have against Iran's
abuses at home from its detention of
political prisoners to its crackdown on
freedom of expression including online
it's inhumane policies hold back
talented and spirited people are coral
is not and never has been with the
Iranian people they'd have a bright
future a hopeful future if they weren't
held back by their leaders as I've said
before I think we were too restrained
and our support of the protests in June
2009 and in our condemnation of the
government crackdown that followed that
won't happen again we will enforce and
if need be
broaden our human rights sanctions and I
will not rest until every single
American detained or missing in iran is
home fifth
just to the nuclear agreement needs to
be embedded in a broader Iran policy are
broader Iran policy needs to be embedded
in a comprehensive regional strategy
that promote stability and counters
extremism tehran like Isis benefits from
chaos and strife and exploit other
countries weaknesses and the best
defense against Iran are the countries
and governments being strong that they
can provide security and economic
opportunity to their own people and they
must have the tools to push back on
radicalization and extremism helping
countries get there will take time and
strategic discipline but it's crucial
that the United States leads this effort
I will push for renewed diplomacy to
solve the destructive regional conflicts
that Iran fuels we have to bring
sufficient pressure on Assad to force a
political solution in Syria including a
meaningful increase in our efforts to
train and equip the moderate Syrian
opposition something I called for early
in the conflict in the United States
must lead and assisting those who have
been uprooted by conflict especially the
millions of Syrian refugees now the
seating the world to help them as Pope
Francis has reminded reminded us this is
an international problem that demands an
international response United States
must help lead that response that's who
we are and that's what we do our
strategy needs to cover all these bases
Iran's nuclear ambitions and its support
of terrorism it's hatred of Israel and
its cruelty toward its citizens its
military resources and its economic
strengths and weaknesses we need to be
creative
committed and vigilant and on every
front we need to keep working closely
with our friends and partners on that
note let me just been a minute speaking
about the serious concerns that Israel's
leaders have about this deal
israel has every reason to be alarmed by
a regime that both denies its existence
and seeks its destruction I would not
support this agreement for one second
five thought it put Israel in greater
danger I believe in my cord that Israel
and America must stand side-by-side and
I will I will always stand by Israel's
right to defend itself as I always have
I believe this deal and a joint strategy
for enforcing it makes Israel safer I
say that with humility I'm not israeli I
don't know what it's like to live under
constant threat from your neighbors in a
country where the margin for error is so
thin I know that my saying this deal
makes you safer won't alleviate the very
real fears of the israeli people but I
have stood for israeli security for a
very long time it was one of my bedrock
principles as secretary of state that's
why I supported stronger defense systems
like Iron Dome anti rocket defense
system which proved so effective in
protecting israeli lives during the
conflicts of 2012 and last summer it's
why I've worked closely with Israel to
advance the two-state vision of a Jewish
and democratic Israel was secure and
recognized borders and it's why I
believe we should expedite negotiations
of a long-term military assistance
agreement with israel let's not wait
until 2017 when the current deal expires
let's get it done this year I would
invite israeli prime minister to the
White House during my first month in
office talk about all of these issues
and to set us on a course of closed
frequent consultation right from the
start because we both rely on each other
for support as partners allies and
friends this isn't just about policy for
me it is personal as president I'm
committed to shoring up and
strengthening the relationship between
our countries we have had honest
disagreements about this deal now is the
time to come together
now is the time to remember what unites
us and build upon it and so I know well
that the same forces that threaten
Israel threaten the united states and
the people of Israel let me say you'll
never have to question whether we're
with you
the United States will always be with
you there have also been honest
disagreements about the nuclear deal
here at home
smart serious people and see issues like
these differently like my friend chuck
schumer who's going to be an excellent
leader in the senate I respect the
skepticism that he and others feel and I
respect differences of opinion and
people who advocated vigorously for
their beliefs but I have a harder time
respecting those who approached an issue
as serious as this with on serious talk
especially anyone running to be
president of the united states several
Republican candidates boast tear up this
agreement in 2017 more than a year after
its been implemented that's not
leadership that's recklessness it would
set us right down the very dangerous
path we've worked so hard to avoid I'm
looking forward to a robust debate about
foreign policy in this campaign where we
have disagreements we should lay them
out like if american ground forces in
Iraq should engage in direct combat as
Scott Walker wants or if we should keep
cuba closed as Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush
want let's debate these issues but let's
debate them on the basis of facts not
fear let's resist denigrating the
patriotism or loyalty of those who
disagree with us and let's avoid at all
costs
undermining america's credibility abroad
that only makes us weaker and I'm going
to call it out whenever I see it
I spent four years representing America
abroad as america Secretary of State was
one of the greatest privileges of my
life and knowing that my fellow
Americans were counting on me and
rooting for me not as democrats not as
republicans but as Americans meant a
great deal we are all one team the
American team and that doesn't change no
matter how much we might disagree and i
can tell you from personal experience we
are stronger overseas when we are united
at home so we simply have to find a way
to work together better than we have
been doing there's a lot of Democrats
and Republicans can and should agree on
the United States should lead in the
middle east we can agree on that we
should stand by our friends against
Iranian aggression we can agree on that
too I believe that the plan I've laid
out today as one that all Americans
could endorse and I hope they will the
next president will face threats from
many porters from those we see today
like terrorism from Isis aggressiveness
from Putin pandemics like ebola to all
those we can't predict yet we need a
leader who has a strong vision for the
future and the skill and determination
to get us there we can't stop the world
from changing but we can help to shape
those changes and we can do that by
leading with strength smarts on yielding
commitment to our values no I saw that
when I was first lady senators secretary
of state that when america leads with
principal and purpose other people and
governments are eager to join us
no country comes close to matching are
advantages the strength of our economy
the skill of our workforce our tradition
of innovation our unmatched network of
alliances and partnerships so we are
poised to remain the world's most
admired and powerful nation for a long
time
if we make the smart choices and
practice smart leadership that's what I
will try to do as your president and I
believe as strongly as ever that our
best days are ahead of us and that
America's greatest contributions to the
world are yet to come
thank you all very much more dangerous
path leading to a far less certain and
riskier future that's why I support this
deal I supported as part of a larger
strategy toward Iran by now the outcome
in congress is no longer in much doubt
so we've got to start looking ahead to
what comes next
enforcing the deal deterring Iran and
its proxies and strengthening our allies
these will be my goals as president and
today I want to talk about how I would
achieve them
let me start by saying I understand the
skepticism so many feel about Iran I too
am deeply concerned about Iranian
aggression and the need to confront it
it's a ruthless regime that has the
blood of Americans many others including
its own people on its hands its
political rallies read sound with cries
of death to America its leaders talk
about wiping Israel off the face of the
map most recently just yesterday and
foment terror against it
there is absolutely no reason to trust
iran now Vice President Cheney may hope
that the american people will simply
forget but the truth is by the time
President Obama took office and I became
Secretary of State Iran was racing
toward a nuclear capability they had
mastered the nuclear fuel cycle meaning
that they had the material scientists
and technical know how to create
material for nuclear weapons they had
produced and installed thousands of
centrifuges expanded their secret
facilities established a robust uranium
enrichment program and defied their
international obligations under the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty and
they hadn't suffered many consequences I
voted for sanctions again and again as a
senator from New York but they weren't
having much effect most of the world
still did business with Iran we needed
to step up our game so President Obama
and I pursued a two pronged strategy
pressure and engagement we made it clear
that the door to diplomacy was open if
Iran answer the concerns of the
international community in a serious and
credible way we simultaneously launched
a comprehensive campaign to
significantly raise the cost of Iranian
defy its we systematically increased our
military capabilities in the region
deepening our cooperation with partners
and sending more firepower and
additional aircraft carrier battle ship
strike aircraft and the most advanced
radar and missile defense systems
available
meanwhile I traveled the world capital
by capital leader by leader twisting
arms to help build the global coalition
that produced some of the most effective
sanctions in history with President
Obama's leadership we worked with
diplomatic opening and we shouldn't
expect that this deal will lead to
broader changes in their behavior that
shouldn't be a promise for proceeding
instead we need to be prepared for three
scenarios first Iran tries to cheat
something it's been quite willing to do
in the past second Iran tries to wait us
out perhaps it wait to move for 15 years
when some but not all restrictions
inspire and 3rd year on ramps up its
dangerous behavior in the region
including its support for terrorist
groups like Hamas and Hezbollah I
believe that the success of this deal
has a lot to do with how the next
president grapples with these challenges
so let me tell you what I would do my
starting point will be one of just trust
you remember president reagan's line
about the soviets trust but verify my
approach will be distrust and verify we
should anticipate that Iran will test
the next president they'll want to see
how far they can bend the rules that
won't work if I'm in the white house
hold the line against Iranian
non-compliance that means penalties even
for small violations keeping our allies
on board but being willing to snap back
sanctions into place unilaterally if we
have to working with Congress to close
any gaps in the sanctions right now
members of congress are offering
proposals to that effect and I think the
current administration should work with
them to see whether there are additional
steps that could be taken finally it
means ensuring that the IAEA has the
resources it needs from finances to
personnel to equipment to hold Iran's
feet to the fire but the most important
thing we can do to keep Iran from
cheating or trying to wait us out is to
shape the Iranian expectations right
from the start the iranians and the
world to understand that we will act
decisively if we need to so here's my
message to Iran's lear's United States
will never allow you to acquire a
nuclear weapon as President I will take
whatever actions are necessary to
protect the United States and our allies
I will not hesitate to take military
action if Iran attempts to obtain a
nuclear weapon and I will set up my
successor to be able to credibly make
the same latch we will make clear to
Iran that our national commitment to
prevention will not waver depending on
who's in office its permanent and should
it become necessary in the future
having exhausted peaceful alternatives
to turn to military force we will have
preserved and in some cases enhanced our
capacity to act and because we have
proven our commitment to diplomacy first
the world more likely join us
Congress and the European Union to cut
Iran off from the world economic and
financial system and one by one we
persuaded energy-hungry consumers of
Iranian oil like India and South Korea
to cut back soon
Iran's tankers said rusting in Port its
economy was collapsing these new
measures were effective because we made
them global American sanctions provided
the foundation but Iran didn't really
feel the heat until we turn this into an
international campaign so by adding that
Iran had no choice but to negotiate they
could no longer play off one country
against another they had no place to
hide so they started looking for a way
out I first visited on Mon to speak with
the Sultan of Oman and January of 2011
went back later that year assault on
helped set up a secret back channel I
sent one of my closest aides as part of
a small team to begin talks with the
iranians in secret negotiations began in
earnest after the Iranian election in
first the bilateral talks led by Deputy
Secretary bill burns and Jake Sullivan
that led to the interim agreement then
the multilateral talks led by secretary
John Kerry secretary Ernie Moniz and
undersecretary Wendy Sherman now there's
a comprehensive agreement on Iran's
nuclear program is it perfect of course
not no agreement like this ever is but
is it a strong agreement yes it is and
we absolutely should not turn it down
the merits of the deal have been well
argued so I won't go through them in
great detail here the bottom line is
that it accomplishes the major goals we
set out to achieve it blocks every
pathway Iran to get a bomb and it gives
us better tools for verification and
inspection and to compel rigorous
compliance without a deal
Iran's breakout time how long they need
to produce enough material for a nuclear
weapon which ring to a couple of months
with a deal that breakout time stretches
to a year which means that if Iran
cheats will know it and we'll have time
to respond decisively without a deal we
would have no credible inspections of
Iran's nuclear facilities with a deal
will have unprecedented access we'll be
able to monitor every aspect of their
nuclear program now some have expressed
concern that certain nuclear
restrictions expire after 15 years and
we need to be vigilant about that which
I'll talk more about in a moment but
other parts are permanent including your
eyes obligations under the
non-proliferation treaty and their
commitment to enhanced inspections under
the Additional Protocol other then
there's the broader issue of countering
Iran's bad behavior across the region
taking nuclear weapons out of the
equation is crucial because in Iran with
nuclear weapons
opens is so much more dangerous than in
Iran without them but even without
nuclear weapons we still see Iran's
fingerprints on nearly every conflict
across the Middle East they support bad
actors from Syria to Lebanon TN they
vowed to destroy Israel and that's worth
saying again they've to destroy Israel
we cannot ever take that lightly
particularly when iran ships at Vance
missiles to Hezbollah and the ayatollah
outlines an actual strategy for
eliminating Israel for talks about how
Israel won't exist and twenty-five years
just like he did today and in addition
to all the malicious activity they
already under right we've got to
anticipate that Iran could use some of
the economic relief they get from this
deal to pay for even more so as
President I will raise the costs for
their actions and confront them across
the board my strategy will be based on 5
strong pillars first I will deepen
america's unshakable commitment to
Israel's security including our
longstanding tradition of guaranteeing
israel's qualitative military edge
increase support for israeli rocket and
missile defenses and for intelligence
sharing I'll sell Israel the most
sophisticated fighter aircraft ever
developed the f35 will work together to
develop and implement better tunnel
detection technology to prevent arms
smuggling and kidnapping as well as the
strongest possible missile defense
system for northern Israel which has
been subjected to hezbollah attacks for
years I will reaffirm that the Persian
Gulf is a region of vital interest to
the United States we don't want any of
Iran's neighbors to develop or acquire a
nuclear weapons program either
ur so we want them to feel and be secure
I will sustain a robust military
presence in the region especially our
air and naval forces will keep the
Strait of Hormuz open will increase
security cooperation with our Gulf
allies including intelligence sharing
military support and missile defense to
ensure they can defend against Iranian
aggression even if that takes the form
of cyber attacks or other
non-traditional threats Iran should
understand that the united states and I
as president will not stand by as our
Gulf allies and partners are threatened
we will act third I will build a
coalition to counter Iran's proxies
particularly hezbollah that means
enforcing and strengthening the rules
prohibiting the transfer of weapons to
Hezbollah looking at new ways to choke
off their funding and pressing our
partners to treat have expressed concern
that it could take up to 24 days to gain
access to some of Iran's facilities when
we suspected cheating I'd be the first
to say that this part of the deal is not
perfect although the deal does allow for
daily access to enrichment facilities
and monitoring of the entire nuclear
fuel cycle important to focus on that
because being able to monitor the supply
chain is critical to what we will find
out and how we will be able to respond
but our experts tell us that even with
delayed access to some places this deal
does the job
microscopic nuclear particles remain for
years and years they are impossible to
hide that's why secretary Moniz a
nuclear physicist has confidence in this
plan and some have suggested that we
just go back to the negotiating table
and get a better unspecified to you
I can certainly understand why that may
sound appealing but as someone who
started these talks in the first place
and built our global coalition
piece-by-piece I can assure you it is
not realistic plus if we walk away now
our capacity to sustain and enforce
sanctions will be severely diminished we
will be blamed
not the iranians so if we were to a
reject this Agreement Iran would be
poised to get nearly everything it wants
without giving up a thing no
restrictions on their nuclear program no
real warning if Tehran suddenly rushes
toward a bomb and the international
sanctions regime would fall apart so no
more economic consequences for Iran
either those of us who have been out
there on the diplomatic front lines know
that diplomacy is not the pursuit of
perfection
it's the balancing of risk and on
balance the far riskier course right now
would be to walk away
great powers can't just jump agreements
and expect the rest of the world to go
along with us we need to be reasonable
and consistent and we need to keep our
word especially when we're trying to
lead a coalition that's how we'll make
this and future deals work but it's not
enough just to say yes to this deal of
course it isn't we have to say yes and
yes and we will enforce it with vigor
and vigilance yes and we will embed it
in a broader strategy to confront Iran's
bad behavior in the region yes and we
will begin from day one to set the
conditions so Iran knows it will never
be able to get a nuclear weapon not
during the term of the agreement not
after not ever we need to be clear and I
think we have to make that very clear to
Iran
about what we expect from them this is
not the start of some larger