least a year college campus 30,000
students here I want to thank for his
choice to help us get organized and
Florida so when the primary and I think
respect to hear all the other elected
officials it's exciting for me to have
this opportunity to talk to you about
this campaign to the country's future
and really to all of you but I also want
to thank you for doing what Darnell is
doing and that it has registered to vote
active in the campaign working chill at
your candidate hopefully need and
and everybody you can about why this
election is so important now you know
there's a lot of issues to talk about I
want to say my campaign is focused on
making sure that works to raise incomes
and provides jobs
everybody willing to work hard and do
your part and excited about that because
I believe I say this because I know all
the facts backed me up yet tried it
works better for america and americans
we have a Democrat in the White House
and certainly look at all at the
statistics now go back a long way
unemployment is higher than the stock
market is higher when I republicanism
the White House you are or more times as
likely to have a recession now I don't
want to go all the way back to the
beginning of our country to prove this
let's just take the last 35 years five
presidents Republicans and two Democrats
I know both of those democrats I will
tell you each of problems from their
republican predecessors in my husband's
case with a little better than the
national debt quadrupled in just 12
years from George Washington to rattle
two world wars as civil war lots of
other stuff and then to terms of George
W Bush and the deficit had gone way it
looked like there were problems in the
economy so my husband took a look at all
of that got elected he said to me it's
so much worse than they told us and
somebody asked what do you think you
unique to washington cause he said we're
gonna get this to measure up again and
work for americans and at the end of
eight years we had 23 million new jobs
and most importantly incomes went up for
everybody not just people at the top in
the middle for people and we ended up
with a balanced budget surplus well
another republican president and they
went back to the failed policies of
trickle-down economics didn't know the
enemy year's deficit was back up back up
and we were facing the worst financial
crisis since the Great Depression and
the financial markets and the mortgage
markets and you know what happened
shortly after the 2008 election I got a
call from President Obama asked to come
see him in Chicago I didn't know why I
turned out to be secretary of state
which was very exciting and there goes
it so much worse than they told her that
before and indeed it was nearly 800,000
jobs
auto industry was on the brink of
collapse
all those jobs all the way down the
supply chain and the president we've got
problems around the world and we have
big problems here at home to get this
economy out of the ditch and that's why
you don't deal with secretary of state
issues and I'm gonna focus on the
economy and that's what we did and
that's what he did know the republicans
want us to have a case of collective
amnesia and forget it was therefore they
put us in that big ditch so now we are
going out there covered 13 million jobs
growth rate this last so we're standing
running again my husband or I'm gonna do
what we gotta get wages going up again
their hard work is paying for them and
their families
obviously we have to raise the minimum
wage and poverty we have to do more than
we gotta do more action incentivize
profit-sharing so when people work hard
and their work helps reduce profits
those profits are shared not just with
workers actually how is my mission when
it comes to me and I want to also see s
really good jobs for people how we gonna
do that no one of the ways you're gonna
do I change my transition to clean
energy jobs and the people you are out
of all these weather related of this but
we need to be pessimistic determined
about some states are really already
moving toward
clean renewable energy and I was yes and
they are already getting thirty percent
of their electricity from wind I just
came from Massachusetts which is not
known as a steady state like Florida and
they ranked number for the country and
solar power I'm hoping to get
sidetracked when it comes to win comes
just solar it comes to advanced biofuels
and the people who say well that might
hurt the economy or the republican
candidates when they're asked about
climate change you know what they say
I'm not a scientist my response to that
is actually hear what they have to say
opportunity it shouldn't be seen as a
dress to be seen as a way to lift our
sights do what we should do jobs
businesses make money doing it now
except two big goals as I want to see a
half a billion more solar panels and by
the end of my second enough clean energy
power every home in america cited by
this challenge and I want everybody to
think about what you can do when you're
in your home and your business working
at your city your state and at the
national level something that your jobs
I want to have what's called the
infrastructure and way 25 doing what we
ought to do a chain and repair roads but
not just roads bridges that are falling
apart we had sewer lines gas pipelines
we have a lot of work to do this country
and its good work and ignoring you hear
from you
as day I was privileged to represent in
the United States
you know a lot of our infrastructure is
a hundred and fifty years old some of
the channels
other things going on the ground their
old exploding time to get ahead of it
and i also believe that if we are
serious about growing our economy and
increasing incomes than we want to make
sure women get equal pay you know that's
right let's break it in every kiss and
every workplace in america know and I
get letters all the time
women were really frustrated they're
helping to support their families or
maybe there this their stories and
that's what to do with how they can be
treated fairly and equally to make this
point this is a woman's issue because
women are disadvantaged but it's a
family issue and its economic issue
people are trying to be more if we
actually do what we should be doing
anyway
now the republicans are always whenever
I talk about this there she goes as
planned the gender
advocating for equal pay for equal work
is playing the gender card deal because
that
is the central focus of what I want to
do as president
everything else kind of adds up to the
education for example I want to make
sure we do what we must to improve
elementary and secondary education I
think the best way to begin is by
actually listening to respecting
teachers who are the ones with the kids
all day you have the ideas they should
be first in line and they will be around
any help me figure out what we do that
we will not as competitive education as
we want to be and we don't have early
childhood education
five years my kids to be successful or
not
now look I have this amazing wonderful
grandchild we gonna be enough with the
reading in the talking in this we do it
because we love to do it because we know
it literally built eighty percent of
your brain is for many age of 30 every
kid shot the same chance to be
successful we do universal
prekindergarten program and we need to
start with kids will have the biggest
challenges you have the biggest
disadvantages obstacles so that every
kid has a level playing field that
ladder of opportunity you know I think
every person should have the same right
to his or her god-given potential and I
happen to be a challenge is you is
universally opportunity is all I can to
make sure our smallest our youngest
citizens have a chance and then on the
other end we are affordable and you're
going to get all the chance to refinance
your dad and it's just not right
refinance your mortgage payment why
can't you answer student debt i dont
federal government money
education and it won't surprise you to
know I'm a big fan of community colleges
to do everything I can to make sure we
implement President Obama's plan to make
community college now when it comes to
help because it's working
million people are getting health care
and young people get to stay on their
parents policies until they're 26 which
is a very big help to a lot of the
families that I need to bring the cost
out of pocket and prescription drugs 12
percent last year so I had put forth a
plan to bring them now but it was my
plan was the very same day and I managed
to raise the price of $13.50 a pill to
$750 85,000 percent increase we can
sustain this we handle on prescription
drug costs and we've got
make it possible for medicare to
negotiate with drug companies to
taxpayers you and I we pay for the NIH
we pay for some of the clinical trials
conducted we pay for the FDA which
decides whether drug is safe and
effective and then we pay the higher
prices for those drives during the
negotiating price if you're in Europe
and Australia America maybe you're from
northern New York I was your senator I
used to go up to the border and see
busloads of people crossing the border
to buy the very same we can continue to
pay for the drugs we developed we have
got to rate this in a plan to do that
let me say you think about the
Affordable Care Act is just stressing
too many others dates refused to expand
Medicaid to cover more time looking here
in order as many as 650,000 people
coverage and your manicure you are
people without insurance means people
who get preventive care emergency makes
no sense that it would reconsider your
governor and the republicans in
Tallahassee
said no no no no families no fairness
and to make matters worse because they
said no
refused to expand Medicaid people are
set to working people people people are
disproportionately left out it makes no
economic sense it makes no mistakes and
expanded it they are actually see lower
insurance rate increases and they're not
seeing as many emergency room visits and
other expensive problems so I'm gonna
let the republicans kill the Affordable
Care Act to repeal it certainly stand in
their way but I want to improve it
that's why a lot of pocket policy
prescription drug three other issues
that we're having a caregiving crisis in
this country is only going to get worse
than people who need to share memories
are taking care of their loved ones are
some of you or somebody in your family
have so little health care daycare help
caregivers get the care they need to
take care of their we had a substance
abuse epidemic in America other
prescription drugs and people are dying
18 to 22 Veterans Day a lot of them came
back and they didn't get the care they
need it but they got hit a bunch of
pills they got hooked so our job has to
be how to get more prevention or
treatment or so people can get into
recovery right now 23
million people who are addicted only one
can get any coverage so I think we've
got to do more to have parity with
mental health mental health is an
expensive problem a lot of people end up
in prison because they have health
problems that are not treated in a self
medicate using so these are expensive
and hard braking problems but I'm
convinced that we can tempt them
together I'm also going to have to stand
up for our fundamental rights or civil
rights because the other side against
marriage equality and against
discrimination and for everybody and it
can states that are trying to restrict
and I will try to overturn Citizens I
will fight to get I believe it's in the
best interest of our criminal justice
and to pull away because matter
fight is just heartbreaking it is
sickening to me another massacre people
should not have to be a way to go to
college and go to the movie study we
can't stand up just tragic just need to
pray for people we need to ask every
time there's another massacre
republicans in the NRA is not the time
to talk about guns and more than
republicans keep refusing to protect our
communities of american families it is
wrong to make every politician whose
them to look into the eyes of parents
whose children have been murder and
explain why they listen to the damn
lobby is well aware I'm well aware that
this is done in this country if you
don't start by talking it out and we
have had to
many murders too many people who should
have never gone in the first
whatever their rage their their mental
problems by killing other people I
didn't work on this national I don't
think they represent a majority of
Americans having an intense dedicated
care politicians and we will vote
against you on the other side and
disgusting care about a lot of other
issues about college affordability we
are not seen minded voters care about
this issue there are a lot of ways
institution restriction my husband
passed the brady bill eliminated assault
weapons for we're going to take the mom
took them out of the nineties on again
and I help you do that so we have a lot
of work to do that's why we're getting
started here in Florida and I want each
and every one of you to be involved in
this campaign because I do we have to
have an agenda for change and then we
have to reach as many people as we can
to make the case
change we want to see what has worked to
take it further and not let the
republicans rip away the progress with
their out of date out of
such ideas and turn where we have
challenges around the world that's why I
think my experience as secretary of
state and they said are from New York is
especially pertinent to what we're gonna
have to do to make sure we remain safe
and secure with our values and in
pursuit of our interest today to tell
you what gets me up
keeps me going out about my
granddaughter not just what kind of
everything we can to make it to be
that's not enough people should become
an adult world will be waiting
granddaughter of my grandfather went to
work in this crap they work hard to
support his family but also because he
wanted his better ways to college my dad
became a small businessman is really
small business but he worked hard this
year I am generation that's what's
supposed to happen in America whatever
you might be I don't think it's enough
that my grandma owner will have
opportunities and the granddaughter of
former president has a chance to
attention should also apply to the
granddaughters affecting every other
person in america every single day
working to make sure every child and
every
person has the chance to win if you help
me that is what we will do thank you