I've never been to a revival
quite like this one tell you what
especially a revival lifting up lawyers
faster and faster
you know I have to say to President
crime lawyer business doesn't work out
for you I imagine there's a church or
jus that might call you to that pub
instead of to the bar this is the day
the Lord has made honestly Wow let us
rejoice and be glad in it and I have to
thank all of you for the great honor of
participating in this anniversary
tribute what a wonderful idea attorney
great as so many of your ideas have been
over the years I listened very carefully
as several speakers pointed out that it
would be more than appropriate for
attorney gray to receive a certain
Presidential Medal of Freedom I'll tell
you I've already written the president
telling him I think that's a good idea
and I've already got the congresswoman
to a brain that when she goes to the
Christmas party at the white house she's
gonna raise that not just with the
president but importantly with mrs.
Obama
is such an honor to be here and I want
to thank everyone for this invitation
and I particularly want to recognize the
few people who are with us starting with
your congresswoman whom I've had the
great privilege of getting to know and
working with and looking forward to be a
partner with her I want to acknowledge
mayor strange thank you for having us
here in your city and chairman dean of
the Montgomery County Commission thank
you mayor Ford tuskegee thank you so
much I also want to thank reverend handy
for opening up this historic church to
us today and I had a chance to visit
with reverend and missus handy and
indeed he was called to this church and
i am looking forward to working to
support the kind of mentoring and
outreach programs that he is putting in
place here we need more of that for more
of our children and I brown could be
with us today those of us who know of
her career and her rise first through
the NBA than through the ABA really hold
her in such high esteem and I think you
for your highlighting the many women in
the civil rights movement particularly
the lawyers because has been said my
first job out of law school was for the
children's defense fund for marion
wright edelman she was someone who I
heard about when I was in law school
saw one day on the bulletin board there
used to be such things in the
pre-internet world called bulletin
boards I saw where she was going to be
speaking at Yale Law School where she
graduated and where I was a student and
I went over to hear her speak and i was
just so impressed here's first
african-american woman to pass the
Mississippi bar working on behalf of
civil rights but focusing on the needs
of children which to me is the really
overwhelming challenge that we face
today I listened to her and then she
finished I went up to her and I said to
her I said I I'd like to come work for
you this summer she said well that's
that's fine but I can't pay you and I
said well I have to get a job because
I'm putting myself through law school
and I said if I can figure out how to
get paid job she said well that's an
offer I certainly won't refuse so I
applied for and got a law student
civil-rights Research Council grant it
enabled me to go to work that summer and
then when I graduated I went to work
full time later chaired the board of the
children's defense fund and to this day
I count myself very lucky having seen
that little notice on the bulletin board
all those years ago and I especially AM
honored to be with the reverend Bernice
King someone who's
moral clarity and call to action is
certainly rooted in her father's work
but is uniquely her own her voice is one
that deserves the closest attention and
I am grateful she is here with us you
know when I think about a lot of the
great names that we heard today I am
always impressed and frankly a little
humbled no attorney gray is a
distinguished man but he was a very
young man when he took on these cases it
is easy now in retrospect to somehow
assume that the results were
foreordained at the time to end
segregation and oppression and in
equality before the law was drawing to a
close but I don't think we should never
assume that it took the courage of so
many and among the most courageous where
the lawyers who took on the challenges
in the courts and in the streets another
person I had the great privilege of
working with was Jon Dore who argued
pivotal voting rights cases while
serving in the department of justice and
memorably had to step in between police
and protesters to stop a bloodbath in
Jackson in 1963 after the murder of
medgar evers
I remember asking John Doerr once as I
was a very young lawyer at the time of
this question
afraid of course I was he said but I was
representing the law I was representing
we don't stand for that in the worst of
times we live with ourselves I think
about louis stokes we just lost he was
fighting stop-and-frisk back in the
1960's and elaine jones a dear friend
who defended death row inmates and help
get the death penalty abolished in 37
States as a lawyer with the N double ACP
legal defense fund I think of judges
like Frank Johnson here in Alabama who
took his seat on the bench just a few
weeks before rosa parks was arrested and
struck down the montgomery bus
segregation law as unconstitutional then
did the same for parks and restaurants
restrooms libraries airports and the
Alabama State Police or his counterpart
in the Louisiana judge skelly right who
overturned dozens of segregation laws
there and before Brown ordered Ellis you
to enroll black students these juris
like many of the lawyers who were taking
these cases endured death threats and
cross burnings they were told by many of
their neighbors down the street and
brands they had known since childhood
who would turn their backs but they
didn't back down
because they believed in the
constitution in the rule of law and they
knew that segregation was aid torsion of
Justice not an expression of it they
also knew that sometimes lawmakers get
it wrong and when that happens it's up
to lawyers and judges to make it right
that's what many lawyers felt then it's
what many lawyers feel now our work
isn't finished we do have to pay it
forward there are still in justices
perpetrated every day across our country
sometimes in spite of the law sometimes
unfortunately in keeping with it there
are still too many americans especially
too many african-americans whose
experience of the justice system is not
what it should be there are still too
many ways in which our laws and our
policies fall short of our ideals so
even as we celebrate all that our
country has achieved in the past 60
years we must in keeping with the legacy
of those who have gone before
look to the future and the work that is
left to do we must reform our criminal
justice system it can be an all too
often is stacked against those with the
least power there is something
profoundly wrong when african-american
men are still far more likely to be
stopped and searched by police charged
with crimes and sentenced to longer
prison terms for doing the same thing
as a white man there is something
profoundly wrong when a third of all
black men face the prospect of prison
during their lifetimes right now an
estimated 1.5 million black men are
missing from their families and
communities because of incarceration and
premature death and too many black
families mourn the loss of a child I've
met with too many mothers who have lost
their children lost to senseless
incomprehensible violence
my heart breaks for them many of these
women are doing something quite
remarkable they are turning their grief
into a powerful call to action for our
nation we can't go on like this we've
got to change we must strengthen the
bonds of trust between law enforcement
and the communities they serve in too
many parts of america today that trust
has broken down let's remember that
everyone benefits when there is respect
for the law and when everyone is
respected by the law
and as we work to deliver real reforms
that can be felt in our communities lot
of good work to build on across the
country many police officers are out
there every day
inspiring trust and confidence honorably
doing their duty putting themselves on
the line to save lives and many police
departments are deploying creative and
effective strategies demonstrating how
we can protect the public without
resorting to unnecessary force we need
to learn from those examples build on
what works
chart a new course in how we approach
punishment and prison United States has
less than five percent of the world's
population but almost 25% of the world's
total prison population and our country
has nearly one third of all the world's
women prisoners the numbers of people in
prison are much higher than they were
thirty or forty years ago even though
crime rates are much lower end of the
more than two million Americans
incarcerated right now a significant
percentage are nonviolent offenders
people held for violating parole or
minor drug crimes or who are simply
awaiting trial in backlogged courts
keeping them behind bars does little to
reduce crime but it does a lot to tear
apart families and communities it's time
to change our approach and end the era
of mass incarceration in america
and we must do more to address the
epidemic of gun violence that is
plaguing our country I consider this a
national emergency the vast majority of
Americans including the vast majority of
gun owners support common-sense steps to
reduce gun violence like comprehensive
background checks and closing the
loopholes that let guns fall into the
wrong hands but even after what we've
seen in paris and in other places
congress won't even bring up a bill that
will prohibit anyone on the no-fly list
from buying a gun
think about it seems reasonable to
assume if you are too dangerous to fly
in america you are too dangerous to buy
a gun in america
Congress gave the gun industry something
that was a mistake
plain and simple that needs to be
reversed and yes we must strengthen that
most fundamental citizenship right the
right to vote
I thought we'd solve their problem
thanks to many of the lawyers we are
honouring today but unfortunately there
is mischief of what
and some people are just determined to
do what they can to keep other Americans
from voting now I know is I was here at
joe reads invitation a few weeks ago
about the dispute that's going on in
Alabama where there is a strict new
Voter ID e law in effect and then a lot
of the DMV offices in every single
county where african-americans make up
more than 75 percent of registered
voters were closed now that would make
getting driver's licenses and
personalized you cards much harder which
in turn would make voting much harder to
the right to vote is so fundamental to
our democracy but it's also about
people's dignity the right to stand up
and say I am a citizen I am an American
my voice and my vote count no matter who
you are or where you come from
what you look like or how much money you
have that means something as ben was
saying with that powerful quote from
justice marshall before the law we are
all to be equal and in the voting booth
we are all to be equal as well and that
cannot and must not be taken away and
finally finally we must be honest about
the larger and deeper inequalities that
continue to exist across our country you
can't credibly talk about reforming our
criminal justice system and
strengthening our democracy without also
talking about increasing economic
opportunity improving education giving
more support to working families our
children deserve the best start in life
and we have to do more to make that
possible I do have this most wonderful
amazing fourteen-month-old granddaughter
and I listened carefully to been talking
about Brooklyn and I've got no doubt
that he and his wife were gonna do
everything it takes to make sure she's
prepared to pursue her dreams but I want
that for every child and you cannot
cannot credibly pledged to do your part
to make our country more just with also
being willing to take a look at yourself
at our own lives our own preconceptions
we each need to do the hard work of
rebuilding our bonds with one another
this isn't just about strengthening ties
between police and citizens although
that is very important it's about
strengthening ties across society
between and among neighbors colleagues
even people with whom we profoundly
disagree it's about how we treat each
other what we value together this is so
fundamental to who we are as a nation
and everything we could hope to achieve
and you know those of us who serve in
politics or who want to lead our country
have a special responsibility to bring
Americans together not pull us apart and
may be unusual hearing presidential
candidates say we need more love and
kindness but that is exactly what we
need right now after the first day of
the bus boycott sixty years ago that
evening thousands of people are jammed
in the streets inside the church when
dr. Martin Luther King Jr's depth to the
pulpit to go back and read what he said
that night of course he spoke about
roses integrity about citizenship about
fairness under the law and then he
started talking about love
parts of the Christian faith and there
is another side called justice and I
love this especially as a recovering
lawyer
justice is really love in calculation
justice is love
correcting that which would work against
love standing beside love is always
justice
decades after her place in history was
secured rosa parks came to Washington to
sit with me at the 1999 State of the
Union she looks beautiful and I Jul
colored dress with her head crowned in a
long braids just like in her booking
photos the day she was arrested the
entire congress rose to give her a long
standing ovation to see all of our
nation's leaders Democrats and
Republicans alike
united in their esteem for her she was
once the focal point of perhaps the most
divisive issue of our time that was a
powerful indicator of how far we had
come rosa hadn't changed much she was
the same lovely dignified determined
person she always was that America had
changed its always struck me how
depending on the way you look at it
rosa parks either did something
tremendous or something rather humble on
the one hand she helped ignite a social
movement that sought to finish the work
of the Civil War and redeem the promise
of the 13th 14th and 15th amendments and
the other hand she finished her shift at
the Montgomery Fair department store
took a regular bus
home where she and other
african-americans always sad and when
the bus driver ordered her to move she
quietly so quietly if the bus were still
running no one could have heard her
above the engine noise said no that's
how often gets made doesn't it
and an ordinary day by seemingly
ordinary people doing something
extraordinary it's only when we look
back that we realize that's the day when
everything began to change that's how it
was with december 1st 1955 I suspect
rosa parks would be the first to say
that what happened sixty years ago today
and everything that followed was the
result of countless acts of courage and
sacrifice by people from many walks of
life and I'm sure she would also
attorney gray acknowledged that critical
role that attorneys played as we look
forward I hope we keep in mind what we
can do
days like this began to make a
difference maybe only with a few people
maybe though to start ripples that will
change history is no doubt in my mind
that the power of our constitution of
the rule of law and the courage of those
who fight to uphold it is one of the
great assets United States of America
has let us go forth today challenged to
do our part to make sure that this
generation will see the work of justice
and equality as well as love and
kindness I look forward to being your
partner in the years ahead
thank you all very much