here with all of you did we ever gonna
be the reason is because we were
actually a president should be doing to
make sure you need to make the most out
of your life and I will let people
finally got a chance to compete
democrats to the Republic we came out
pretty well have you here in this
absolutely beautiful it is a great
pleasure to look out and see so many of
you can be able to making sure that you
and then we we're just get rid of them
did you hear from the other side
starting with a sacked country does
better when we have a Democrat in the
White House
think it's important just to wind down
thanks in your head so when you're
talking with some ear open minded
independent friends or you're talking to
republicans you can tell them that this
is not just me saying it is a line of an
intense it we have a Democrat in the
White House and even the stock market is
higher but when you have a republican
and the way you are likely to have a
recession that the republicans you are
running for president Inc wanna go back
and do what didn't work before I think
they want to so many forget about the
Great Recession which hit this state
really hard you know in 2008 we were
losing 800,000 jobs and we ended up
losing nine million jobs nine million
people in this country lost their jobs
lost their homes to that election just
about a week after I got a call from
them president-elect Obama yes becomes
CNN chicago and I didn't know why turns
out he wanted me to be secretary of
state which I was very honored to be
asked to do he said
could fall into the great depression and
they could hand they do not think
President Obama gets the credit he
deserves for saving our economy crisis
industry administration had been
ignoring the Affordable Care
eighty million americans see you would
think with a record like that the
republicans might change their approach
in 60 only the same things that ended us
in the ditch in the first place
taxes on the wealthy corporations that's
basically all they say about the economy
sucks I have a different approach and
I'm pretty proud of the economic record
my husband hand at the end of eight
years of his Presidency yeah we had
three million new jobs and incomes went
for everybody not just the top people
everybody because we had an economy that
was working for everybody and
unfortunately not all changed when the
republicans came back into the white
house you know what happened and so
crazy Obama had to dig a ditch where I
don't we're standing we're not yet
running to do what will work to put more
people to work and to raise wages again
because they
really round when three hundred times
the typical worker makes I don't think
anybody that we're going to be able to
get wages rising again unless we have a
government with a president who actually
cares about making sure our hard-working
people see that friends your labor so
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna
start by creating more jobs by investing
in 20 people who are maintained and
bridges airports we're gonna read we're
gonna expand broadband we had been
shaped can still rock band instead of so
many other countries
danced in science and research which
will give you one example you know
republicans don't wanna spend money on
anything they actually helps people and
they don't have my best in the future
well we invested 3.8 billion dollars in
something called the human genome
project twenty years ago I remember
being in the white house today that my
husband announced it been completed so
what does that mean it means we're going
to be able to cure diseases and maybe
start conditions once we understand what
places now here's the economic point I
wanna make 3.8 million dollar investment
of your tax money and mine nearly a
trillion dollars has been generating new
discoveries new businesses new jobs for
the future
we're dead body in the world we need to
be making them smile
gonna make us richer and we've got that
gave way and he gained a lot of
difference in the economy create
millions of new jobs new businesses and
we take climate change seriously don't
we go running for president who every
time you ask them what about climate
change they say something like I don't
know I'm not a scientist
well there's a very easy way to stop
that one's here at the University they
could tell you what's going on it's
important that we take this seriously
not only because it is going to affect
and why everyone of us alive but most
importantly our children and
grandchildren because if we do this
right we can create millions of new jobs
and businesses you know every year
Harry Reid has a big conference about
clean energy here in Nevada has spoken
at my husband spoken at it why he do
that because he wants people to
understand the economic opportunities
that are available
you know it is possible if we invest in
wind and solar advanced biofuels
geothermal you name it we can not only
began to reverse the effects of climate
change but we can begin to build a
totally different way you here in the
band are doing just that
Big Bang Theory you been investing in
more solar in the town I stated before
the debate on the window and door panels
driving around today don't get a lot of
places with solar panels well I'm
setting some big goals for my presidency
by the end of my first term
I want us to have employed a half more
solar panels to be installed acquired by
the end of my second I want to generate
enough clean renewable energy every home
is the program with 72 you don't worry
about jobs going overseas while we do
infrastructure at home and we don't
clean energy jobs have to be done right
here in the United States of America now
as you change the tax system I'm sick
and tired of operations getting big tax
loopholes and all the rest in it to ship
jobs out of America we need to take away
tax breaks from corporations and use
that money to rebuild our economy right
here at home we need to do whatever we
can to raise wages starting by raising
the minimum wage which I know there are
people who work in the minimum wage here
right now
minimum wage $7.25 an hour is a disgrace
who works full time left and poverty at
the end of their working week so we are
going to raise the minimum wage it has
ever been to where it was in 1968
because dazed and we've been on a
downward slope and we're still going to
do more to invest in apprenticeship
programs in job training programs those
at the International Union of painters
and allied trades today looking at how
they train
when they're young apprentice impressed
I know we could train tens and hundreds
of thousands of people to do the job
that clean energy and infrastructure
building require now tell you think
it'll raise wages and it'll raise wages
across the board in america and that is
to make sure women equal pay for equal
and I want people are losing money
because I met a young man last week in
new hampshire came up to me to tell you
I am thank you why you cannot tell you
my first job he was 17 years old he told
me he got hired to be a cashier in a
store near where you live kinda got the
job because his mom had been working
there for four years and she was doing
the same job as a cashier he was really
the first real job you go to work and he
came back to his first paycheck showed
his mom she noticed something her son
was making a dollar more an hour after
one week then she was making after four
years now jane that story because this
young man had no reason to make it up to
tell me why it was for me said he could
never thought about it for my mom really
hard she was raised me she should be
paid the same as any men including her
17 year old son
equal pay is an issue B is not just a
women's issue it's a family issue facing
economic issue there will be more money
in the economy when women are paying for
themselves and for their families and we
also need to look at how hard it is to
balance family and work you know a lot
of young parents struggle with that I
think we should join the rest of the
advanced world and had paid leave so
that when you have a new baby way you
have a sick relative you don't lose your
job but you also don't lose your pay for
a period of time
responsible
doing this just did paid sick days in
their states are doing it and it hasn't
affected the way that the republicans
say it will for employment so we've got
to take a hard look about families like
today
know what they were like 50 years ago
what they like today and how do we help
them do the most important job which is
taking care of each other when they also
do their job making a living I think
it's really important that the tax
system
be changed to the wealthy pay more than
they're paying right now
I don't think it's right here contain a
lower tax rate than a teacher I just
don't think that's right I agree with
Warren Warren Buffett's every million
years you have to pay at least 30%
against Raghu might not paying 50
companies are paying anything so part of
the job that I will take on as your
president is to get the wealthy to pay
more in the middle plans a tax cut it is
working hard and doing the best you can
and facing the pressures you think a
chance to be able to make ends meet your
hands and going up the price of
everything else and acting dance exactly
what we need to do seem to forget it
what makes America great and what makes
our economy strong is the middle class
to middle class who built this country
is the middle class that does bugs that
it has to get up every day take care of
their families and their jobs and I
think it's time we start rebuilding the
medical and giving you that tools that
you need to make the most out of your
own answer in the economy and that is to
get comprehensive immigration
really don't like what the republicans
are saying about it we are a nation of
immigrants we were built by immigrants
every one of us we go back grandparents
great-grandparents we have somebody came
to this country and are we glad they did
and that we have the benefit of their
hard work my grandfather came to this
country is just a little boy he was a
factory worker he worked really hard and
ask for much of a good thing I those
standards in those days because of his
hard work but he wanted to get to have a
better chance and sons went to college
and my dad became a small businessman
after he served in the Navy during World
War Two and now I'm here asking you to
vote for me for president that's three
generations you my grandfather to my
father Jimmy in tonight we get through
this crowd and we could have a thousand
stories like that immigration is who we
are and look around us and I think the
republicans are doing great damage to
our nation made herein so in their
attacks such as your President I was
certainly work hard for comprehensive
immigration reform but I love so defend
the executive orders of President Obama
and I know I know we've got some doing
tonight because I want you to work hard
in America and I want you to make a
contribution to building our economy and
there are so many examples of people who
have it's also important though we give
the best possible education to everybody
in this country so that you can be
competitive I will do what I can working
with the teachers of america and dignity
injuries of America and secondary
education to get more young people the
best possible start in life but I'll
tell you if we don't do something with
early childhood education if we don't
help and especially can choose first
language may not be english if we don't
get you a chance to get well prepared
for school but you're not going to go as
far as you could say that's why I
believe those first five years why a
really important the family is the first
of all the parents in the first teachers
and we need to do more to help you
prepare your children to be successful
in school and so I wanna have universal
prekindergarten that will get every
opportunity to be prepared and then on
the other end I wanted to get in the
people in this crowd
how many of them had student loans
student loans to pay back my husband and
me pay them back but it was it like it
is today where it costs so much in the
interest rates are so high we have forty
million americans with student loans to
be able to re-finance those loans to a
lower interest rate and saying I was
raising its debt that a young person in
america to be able to refinance your dad
and then we need to make college
affordable I want to offer free
community college and get free tuition
at any public college or university you
can afford to go because here's what
happens if you're well even if your
grades weren't that great you are the
resources to go to college and graduate
class or you're working poor but you're
just an ambitious you're just as willing
to do what it takes
you may not have the resources to start
or you may not have the resources to
finish I'm gonna do everything I can to
the any young person in america can get
the job training you want an
apprenticeship if you wanted four-year
college if you wanted and a price you
can pay and that you'll be able to pay
as a percentage of the income that you
like teaching the game
get your education
republicans it dried 54 times to repeal
the Affordable Care Act
now they get a republican president LCC
I do but I will defend the Affordable
Care Act 18 million people are now
getting their health care through it
some changes that will improve the past
and your pocket expenses a prescription
drugs that are still sure that people
with mental health problems get taken
care of just like you are a caregiver
for somebody in with any other situation
like the professional caregivers think
you got some help you know we've got
millions of people who are taking care
of their loved ones and we've got
millions more who are working for the
minimum wage to take care of people we
can't do that we gotta be smart about
how we can for caregiving is we all face
the onslaught of Alzheimer's or what
happens when young people with autism
get older we got to be prepared for them
and there's something else we need to
treat right now and that's addiction 23
million people in this country
abuse problems
alcohol or drugs and they can't get help
even if they wanted only one in ten can
get help we've got to have more help and
more support for families and for those
who are dealing with the addicted
because right now
ended up in jail right and we end up
spending more money than I spent a lot
of time these days has to be drug courts
are about one the other day in western
Iowa and they've been doing good work
helping folks like me so they're
shutting it down because $3,500 for
somebody to go through drug court be
tested to try to get them off drugs get
treatment they go to prison for thirty
five thousand dollars it makes no sense
if we treat people its customers money
and save my and help them get better and
overcome this problem now there's a lot
that we have to fight for against the
republicans because they just have a
different approach to so many of the
issues that I think are important for
america today and I will I will fight to
defend a woman's right to choose and I
will
efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and
then to make sure that you can bet and
you will not be stuck trying to restrict
about it and I will do everything I can
to overturn a decision called citizens
united to make sure to make sure this
thing with each other and tired of
beginning in the insults in the attacks
in the remarks about people because of
their heritage of their religion who
they are what they do I'm over it I
don't think that I don't think that you
realize we get a political differences
we do have political differences we
should always be treating each other
with respect and that can't happen if
you're being you or your being and so I
feel we're missing something right now
in our politics we're not bringing
people together to try to find common
ground the way we need to
because there's a big group that don't
want to try they believe they have all
the answers I don't think anybody on
this earth has all the answers I think
we should be listening and learning from
each other you know when I was first
lady we were really hard to get health
care and I said ok we failed what we
gonna do now I got to work to try to
figure out how we're gonna insured
children I work with Republicans
Democrats and we ended up starting the
Children's Health Insurance Program
which takes care and provides health
care to eight million children in
America today and when I went to the
senate I learned that our national
guards men and women were not getting
health care except when they were
deployed you think that was right
teamed up with a Republican Senator
Lindsey Graham running for president on
the other side we work together at some
point you know we've been hard work on
anything else but that one issue but it
made a difference we passed a bill to
get health care
guardsmen women so they can be helped
their families can be home when I was
secretary of state I worked with
republicans we negotiated a deal to
correct the nuclear weapons in the
United States in russia and I've worked
with Republicans to Paris 67 votes it
was important treaty to each other
has tried so hard to find common ground
and he has reached out and he has
invited people and they just get further
and further away in their attitude
basically has become they don't even
like their own speaker of the house
because in their view of six hundred
percent with them with anybody in my
husband understands that was built and
people talking and then finding those
areas of agreement that's what we've got
to get back to do again anywhere anytime
to talk to anybody about finding common
ground that I will also be and because I
think president will be to raise incomes
for the middle class
deported opportunity still every child
in this country has a chance to live up
to his or her god-given potential and of
course I'm feeling that particularly
strongly these days I now have a
granddaughter who is white and
grandparents don't get a start it we
spent a lot of time you know just
looking after you just incredibly
wonderful and we'll do everything we can
to make sure she has opportunities she
can have in her life
think every family tries to do that for
their children and their grandchildren
we have a lot more blessings but you
know it's not enough we do what we can
for Charlotte because it matters we
couldn't tree tree she becomes an adult
is going to be waiting out there for her
will it be safe will it be prosperous
will it be peace
america's still be the land of
opportunity where immigrants are welcome
and where hard work is rewarding and
where people can get ahead and steve is
going to be there I'm betting that it
would but it's not gonna happen by just
venting to me I told you my grandfather
was a factory worker
my granddaughter is the granddaughter of
former President it's not enough that
the granddaughter of a former president
it had to be sure that the granddaughter
of factory workers in the grandsons of
truck drivers and the grand jury
teachers and workers and that's why I
need your help