everybody I just told Danielle she
really nailed that introduction she said
she had been practicing it last night I
said there's no substitute for
practicing you stand up in front of a
crowd of people and I think we should
give her another round of applause
organized people but not exclusively
Young who are filled organizing who are
volunteering full-time our fellows who
are part of this process and I could not
be prouder we have an amazing team
across the state who are working every
single day they just had a training
session with new thirty organizers of
the hundred fellows and we welcome each
and every one of you to be part of this
wedding campaign so that you can see
firsthand what it's like the tried to
work in a campaign on behalf
a better future for all of us and I am
grateful to any and all the hard-working
team here and I will I want to thank
President route for inviting me here I'm
always impressed by what I fear is
happening at uni was told about a
certain football game as well
but there's a lot more going on in
addition to winning at football I think
this university is winning in a lot of
ways and for that I congratulate not
only the leadership but all of you who
are part of making a difference here I
just had a chance to visit with a group
and faculty D as well as some others
from different colleges and universities
about the issue of domestic violence and
sexual assault on campus I did that in
part because I care deeply about the
issue and rolling out some policies
today that I think would help us move
this forward so that we would have more
comprehensive services for survivors we
would have much more emphasis on a fair
process and figure out exactly how you
do that and we would increase prevention
efforts are part of the reason I wanted
to come here and to talk about this is
because yesterday we celebrated the 21st
anniversary of the Violence Against
Women Act and that was a landmark piece
of legislation in our country and in
fact in the world the person chosen by
then President Clinton
efforts to translate into reality
what we meant by trying to prevent
violence against women was the former
attorney general Iowa bonnie campbell
who is here with us and where his body I
wanted a lot of their shoes back to the
office and the Department of Justice she
has made it her life's work she went
with me when I went to Beijing in 1995
on behalf of the United States to state
what should have been obvious but needed
to be said that human rights are women's
rights and women's rights are human
rights once and for all
with me because it wasn't just enough to
go and make a speech that was important
I didn't realize fully the importance
until I was very nervous I did it a lot
of people didn't want me to go I thought
I should but still wasn't clear exactly
what the outcome would be so it was
important to have with me
people like Bonnie who were doing the
work that the United States had to leave
to actually translate into positive
programs policies changes what we meant
we talked about women's rights and human
rights and particularly the scourge of
violence against women so this is a
special high in a special place to be
talking specifically about an issue that
affects one in five women on campus and
it is something deeply important to me
to try to work together with everybody
to bring about the changes that are
necessary and behavior and attitude
tried to confront the continuing
challenge of violence against women and
in particular here on campuses now I
want to be sure that we have a chance to
talk further about that but I also want
to lay out some of the other elements of
my
my agenda because I happen to think that
we have to get the basic bargain in
America working again for everybody what
do I mean by that
well it's pretty simple actually you
work hard and you do your part you
should be able to get ahead and stay
ahead that's how it's supposed to work
in america that is how it has worked for
generations my dad father was a factory
worker he went to work every single day
of his life in the hills worked there
for many years he did it because he had
to support his family but he also did it
because he believed as an immigrant to
this country that it would be better for
his children that they would have a
better life that is the essence of the
dream of the bargain right and it worked
three sides they all got to go to
college and my dad got out of college in
the middle of the depression he couldn't
find a job
jumped out of freight train don't do
this
took a train to Chicago began looking
for a job I got a job as a salesman
worked for a number of years went into
the Navy during World War Two and when
it came out he started a small business
and he worked really hard so there was a
very small business but it provided a
good solid middle-class life for my
family so here I am running for
president three generations and I am
deeply grateful to the hard work and
sacrifice of my family parents and
grandparents but to country because this
country held out promise it made a
bargain with them that was capped and I
want to be the president who make sure I
can look in the eyes of every single
person particularly young people in this
country and tell you honestly and truly
we're keeping that bargain for you to
look at anybody
everybody uses climate change
Syrian refugees and I am prepared and
ready to do that you know I'm gonna go
she hated a cease-fire between Israel
and Hamas in Gaza I put together the
coalition that came up with the
sanctions that brought Iran to the
negotiating table I know what we have to
do to protect our country to protect our
security and to meet the big challenges
but I also know that a lot of what is
affecting people today is what's going
on in their lives
how do they afford college how do they
pay off the debt once they get out of
college how do they afford child care if
they get that job that they how do they
get equal pay for equal work if they are
us from the headlines that must be
addressed by american leadership also
ready to take on those issues that keep
you up at night you talked about around
the kitchen table a source of worry and
concern I hear about them some amazing
experiences in the last month's coming
back into politics traveling around
elsewhere people tell me the most
personal concerns tell me about their
friend's child but they just buried from
a drug overdose they tell me about their
mother their fifty eight-year-old mother
who got addicted to opioids and just
died tell me about the untreated mental
health and the absolute inexplicable
decision by your governor to shut down
to appear for help
really really grabbed me they touched my
heart because I know what it's like to
worry I know what it's like to have to
be concerned about what's happening to
somebody you care about somebody you
love you and your family a friend yes I
wanna be the president also trying to
figure out how to how are you with more
opportunities and more tools and more
support the deal with all of those
problems as well and when it comes to
how we're going to keep that basic
bargain and fulfil that dream again
first and foremost we gotta get the
economy working for everybody
there's no two ways about it if it
doesn't work for everybody not just
those at the top so much of what we want
to do in our country cannot be realized
I will tell you without trying to be
either partisan her personal our country
does better we have a Democrat in the
White House
and I watch my husband's presidency how
hard it was trying to undo the effects
of trickle-down economics but by the end
of those eight years
peacetime expansion 23 million new jobs
and incomes rose not just lonely at the
top but in the middle and at the bottom
everybody was starting to do better and
we ended up with a balanced budget and a
surplus which would have given us real
opportunities in dealing with our
long-term challenges so I was elected in
2000 in the Senate from New York
fifty-five percent of all over 3.7
million votes so I went to the senate
really energized about what we could do
to chart a sensible course that would
continue our economic upward movement
very different the new republican
administration they want to undo
everything that had been done the last
eight years they want to go back to
trickle-down economics cut taxes on the
wealthy get out of the way of
corporations and everything will just be
by you know how that turned out
shortly after the November 2008 election
got a call from then president-elect
Obama he said he wanted to come see him
in Chicago I really had no idea why he
wanted me to be secretary of state but
in large measure he wanted to talk about
why he needed me to go out and deal with
the incredible problems we were
inherited around the world while he
tried to deal with the extraordinary
problems we had inherited right here at
home with an economy in recession
elected president and you get handed the
worst financial crisis since the Great
Depression the republicans want us to
have amnesia about why that happened
don't they want to just forget that it
happened on their watch their policies
thanks to the hard work of the american
people and the leadership of President
Obama who does not get the credit he
deserves for digging us out
we're standing my goodness we became
president 800,000 jobs
covered more than 12 million but we have
a ways to go yet even though we are
recovering jobs we haven't recovered
paychecks and income people are not back
to where they were before this big crash
wiped out jobs wiped out well and
decrease to do so we have to have an
economic policy that will reverse this
that's what I have laid out I have laid
out a specific set of policies that are
aimed at raising incomes again because I
think that is the central defining issue
in this campaign how we gonna raise
americans' incomes and how are we going
to make sure that the hard work
Americans do the productivity that we
have is going to be rewarded by a share
of the profits they help to make for the
corporations and businesses they work
for I am going to do everything I can to
incentivize profit-sharing it doesn't
matter to me if your are in the
headquarters or you're on the factory
floor if that company you're working for
is turning a profit you should be
rewarded and that is
exciting but I think it's important
because you know we need an agenda about
what we're fighting for this campaign
personalities are important I believe
that I've been around politics but you
know what I have found is that what
people tell you they're going to do
because chances are they will try to do
it and that's especially important when
it comes to women and women's issues
because what you will if you listen to
republicans is they have a very
different idea about what to do with the
economy now clearly they want to go back
to trickle-down economics you gotta
admire their persistence in believing a
failed policy I suppose there is
something that you got to give them
credit for their we can't afford to go
through that again that's what they are
they would do as president cut taxes on
the wealthy one more time
get out of the way of corporations but
that polo let them let them take
advantage of workers ok now we know
better than that but it's also important
to listen to them when they talk about
women because to me that a lot of what I
believe is important for women for
families and for our economy is just not
on their radar screen
at all so when I talk about strong grow
hair growth and long-term bro I have a
central plain about how we have to make
it more available to women to be in the
work force and to afford to be there in
order to stay engaged to contribute to
their own well-being and that of their
family and the economy because in the
work force you just look at the numbers
again family leave a woman's issue but
it's also an economic issue you
shouldn't have to lose your paycheck or
your job when you have a new baby or a
family member gets sick we make it just
about as hard as we can imagine more
women to be able to balance family and
work now I know there are men who do it
as well but predominantly it is still
women carry for newborns and babies
caring for relatives spouses and parents
and others and equal pay that shouldn't
even be debated debating it you know I
don't understand
and women's futures and the future of
families and our economy is an issue I
take serious and it's one that I'm
campaigning off and I'm going to
continue to speak out about raising the
minimum wage is a women's issue right of
the people they paid minimum wage in
America are women and here's one of the
worst things a lot of Americans don't
know about this and I am trying to talk
about it so I can get a real groundswell
of support as we raise the minimum wage
in the congress which we will get to it
will be a hard job but if we can elect a
more democrats for the next election
will raise the minimum
and when we raise wages in states and
localities which I also support do not
forget there are people in many places
in america today
predominantly women who get what is
called that tipped minimum wage know
what that is
they could be paid as little as $2.13
our waitress bartender because they will
get up to the minimum wage with tips the
reality is that often not the case that
in fact they may not get those tips or
they have to be harassed if their
employer pockets those tips so when we
raise the minimum wage we're going to do
away with this credible injustice of the
tip minimum wage people are going to all
eligible
opportunity to increase support women
doing work at home and work in the job
that leads me to something else we have
to do and that is confronting the
epidemic of sexual assault on college
campuses across our country I saw a head
nod when I said one in five women report
they were sexually assaulted during
college
around you if we were to have one out of
every five women stand up that was a
pretty big crowd here the impact on
their lives they're trying to manage the
emotional or physical sometimes
educational financial follow miss
classes some dropout never finish their
education
thankfully this is an issue that is
finally gaining the attention it
deserves but it is not enough to condemn
campus sexual assault
we need to end
and waking up to this challenge and I
campuses across the country including
very impressively this campus people are
coming together and coming up with
solutions I was really impressed by what
i herd has been happening here at uni
since 2000 you got the first grant from
that office Campbell first led all those
years ago began having what certainly
continues to be a somewhat challenging
conversation
everybody at the table listening to
people coming up with a way to approach
this problem and try to ended President
Obama's administration has worked hard
to shine a bright light on campus sexual
assault and I intend to keep talking
about it and building on that here's why
right now in too many places survivors
don't know where to go to go to try to
get help some campuses don't even offer
support and services including
counseling and health care so a lot of
young women are truly lost and left at
others presented maze of bureaucracy
that forces survivors to navigate that
without any real help one of the most he
times of their lives as president all
fight to make sure every campus offers
every survivor support she needs and
we'll make sure that those services are
comprehensive confidential and
coordinated I want to add to that
although survivors of sexual assault are
predominantly women is also happy
two men it happens to transgender
community it happens to others as well
so it mattered gender sexual orientation
ethnicity race services have to be there
for everyone
the process campus is confusing and many
who do choose which is a hard choice I
recognize to report in the criminal
justice system fear that their voices
will be dismissed instead heard so we
need to ensure a fair process for all
involved whether it's in campus
disciplinary proceedings or the criminal
justice system
rate is it wherever it happens and
school
I think it's both a legal obligation and
they moral obligation to protect every
student's right to get an education free
from discrimination free from fear
particularly as to one's safety reports
of sexual assault need to be treated
with the seriousness professionalism and
fairness they deserve
now we have a great resource in our
nation's law students who on many
campuses can help them navigate this
process there are some successful Law
Clinic models across the country where
students are already working alongside
experienced attorneys to provide
valuable assistance back when I was in
law school i volunteered for the New
Haven legal services program the best
things I did in law school that's part
of what inspired me to go to work for
the children's defense fund after I
graduated and so i'm looking for good
ideas that come from any where I heard
some great ones upstairs and I want to
come in
young man from one of the fraternities
here on campus who has taken on the
issue the fraternity has taken on the
issue of working to try to change
attitudes to educate not only their
fraternity members but the broader
campus and even beginning to reach out
into the community and I want to also
Amanda mentoring program for violence
prevention that was originated here on
campus there are good smart solutions we
just need more awful and we need to read
them so that more people have access to
them there are the issues of
responsibility and respect that started
long before students arrived on campus I
don't think it's enough to try to get a
better response once an assault
we need a stop sexual assault from
happening in the first place and we need
strong prevention efforts to change
attitudes associated with violence we
need to be spreading the ideas and
talking to young people literally
started in high school about issues like
consent and bystander prevention is the
lot bigger than a single conversation
freshman orientation or as I heard
earlier an online program everybody has
to take but it's kind of in isolation
you have to talk about this I have to
listen to each other to try to
understand that this is a serious
problem that can be solved
something that everybody can play a part
in addressing today I want to send a
message to every survivor of sexual
assault
don't let anyone silence your voice you
have the right to be heard you have the
right to be believed and we're with you
as you
on our campuses happens in the workplace
happens in the military for too many it
happens in homes and in their
communities that we need to take this on
as a broader campaign against violence
stops in afflicts women and girls here
at home and across the world now I'm
well aware when I talk about these
issues like paid leave people pay for
equal work reproductive rights sexual
assault against people on campus
republicans often say I'm playing the
gender card
well if supporting women's health and
women's rights is playing the gender
card deal me in because that
and we can expect to hear more of the
same the top down out of touch policies
that they've been talking for years they
actually seem oblivious or indifferent
how their ideas would hurt people last
time not one of them had a single word
to say about how to make college more
affordable not a word equal pay for
women or pay a family leave or quality
affordable preschool so our kids who get
the best start in life no real ideas
about promoting clean energy of
combating climate change
to keep growing the economy or trying to
bring down skyrocketing prescription
drug costs us ending the gun violence
that plagues our communities clearly
lives matter and no one defending
marriage equality
somewhat entertaining front-runner has
grabbed a lot of attention lately but if
you look at the policies of all of them
running they're pretty much the same
their truck just without the pizzazz in
the hair and demean women haven't you my
way recently said I don't have a clue
about women's health issues
he do a much better job for women that I
would and I set that is a general
election to be really
about denying victims of rape and incest
access to abortion governor bush says
five hundred million dollars is too much
to spend on women's health
bad cars in a medical doctor when asked
if he supports life of the mother
exceptions to abortion bans said I'm not
sure that the legitimate argument and
every single one of them wants to defund
Planned Parenthood
meet the mom her breast cancer early
because she got screen or the teenager
who avoided an unintended pregnancy
because she had access to birth control
or the survivor of sexual assault turned
to Planned Parenthood for emergency
contraception and testing and support
now these views might be acceptable in a
republican primary but they are dead
wrong for 21st century America and we
climate changes are going back to
trickle-down economics do matter what
they call at this time I've been
fighting for families and underdogs my
entire life now if you want a president
who will tell you everything that's
wrong about america and who is to blame
for it
you've got plenty of other choices but
if you want a president who will work
her heart out to forge a better stronger
and fairer country and America that
works for people again you're looking at
ur
wherever you have them in the real world
and the virtual next time someone sends
you a text or an invite to play candy
crush ask them if they're caught the sea
and right now you can text Shan Gao I
and 247 246 247 246 and go to Hillary
Clinton dot com I think this campaign is
one of the most important we've had in a
really long time I'm not running for my
husband's third-term and I'm not running
for President Obama's third term I'm
running for my first term but I can tell
you
I'd watch what I know how hard it is our
fingers and make the changes we think
are best for america weepy snap this is
hard this state
intense effort to find common ground to
build those relationships I did it and I
was in the white house when I was in the
senate and a secretary of state you know
after I worked really hard to try to get
health care and we got to rail I could
have given up but I did I said ok let's
at least get health care for our
children and I work with Congress
members and others to get the children's
health insurance program that insures
more than eight million kids to this day
and when I would I worked with anybody
who I thought had a good idea no pride
of authorship I work actually with one
of the fellows running for president on
the other side because we both saw the
same problem in our respective states
Lindsey Graham r-south Carolina me from
New York National Guard and Reserve
members who weren't getting health care
we did bipartisan legislation to make
sure those who served our country got
the care they deserve
reaching out constantly looking for ways
to find common ground with Republicans I
will go anywhere anytime to speak to
anybody about trying to find a common
ground I think that's what you're
supposed to do in a democracy for
different country there's a couple then
we could names pretty big ones and
contentious ones out there are you just
do what you're told
democracy there's no consensus there's
no compromise their way or no way
something we work in america it's
frustrating but over time we keep making
progress together and we produced
results if we stick with it I will stand
my ground against those who want to rip
out the progress that we have made
together over the last year's can't do
it without your health I think we are on
the way to a campaign of great
significance in laying out an agenda
that people can actually believe is
possible and then having election on
that agenda and then getting to work
every single day to achieve it so please
join me in helping to build an America
where everyone has a child has a shot at
achieving your dreams and living up to
their potential and yes we're a father
and say to his daughter you can be
anything you want even President of the
United States