Christie Vilsack Leonard and dodi
Boswell and your congressman for Iowa
Dave loebsack and I have to give I have
to give a special shout out to somebody
really special somebody whose birthday
is tomorrow
someone who reminds us that sometimes
you just have to let him hear you roar
Katy Perry thank you
Las Vegas
you know when republicans debate they
compete to insult each other
demean women and they double-down on
trickle-down actually it is reality TV
with a cast of characters who don't care
much about actual reality but there's a
big difference when we democrats debate
you see something you see us tackling
the hard issues looking for solutions to
our biggest challenges facing our
families and our country's how we gonna
raise wages and create more good jobs
how will we respond to climate change
and lift up our economy by investing in
clean energy how will we make college
affordable and get parents the paid
leave they need how will we working with
our teachers and our families help our
kids get ready to succeed in school
and how how are we going to rein in Wall
Street and lift up main street and how
much longer can we wait to stand up to
that gun lobby and keep our kids and our
communities safe in america democrats
are offering real solutions like
president Obama has done for the past
six and a half years and by his side
every step of the way
has been Vice President Joe Biden
has passionately for middle-class
families and middle-class values let's
show him how much we appreciate Vice
President Joe Biden all he's done for
our country let's give it up for the
vice president
no I think it's really important in this
election to remember what President
Obama inherited the republicans would
like us all to forget but he inherited
the worst financial crisis since the
Great Depression we were losing 800,000
jobs a month in right after that
election he called me asked me to come
see him in Chicago I didn't know why it
turned out he wanted to be to be
secretary of state but when we got there
it was just the two of us and we were
just talking and he was talking about
what he was facing he said you know it's
so much worse they told us we were
losing 800,000 jobs a month 9 million
Americans ended up losing their jobs and
five million lost their homes and listen
to this thirteen trillion dollars of
family wealth was wiped away I don't
think President Obama gets the credit he
deserves for rescuing our economy from
falling enjoy Great Depression
he's saved the auto industry he impose
tough new rules on Wall Street and the
extended health care 218 million
Americans what you can expect when you
vote for Democrats
when there's a democrat in the white
house America creates more jobs the
economy grows faster and deficits are
smaller and even though they hate it
when I say this recession's happened
four times more frequently under
republican presidents so we cannot
afford to go back to the republicans
failed policies now I'm not running for
my husband's third-term and I'm not
running for Barack Obama's third term
I'm running for my first
and I'm running as a proud Democrat
we need to defend the progress we've
made under President Obama and build on
it until the recovery is secure and all
americans have a chance to raise their
incomes and to believe once again in the
basic part of america
you know what it is if you work hard and
you do your part should be able to get
ahead and stay ahead but
Republicans and their allies have
stacked the deck for those at the top
there is something wrong when the top 25
hedge fund managers on more in a year
than all that kindergarten teachers in
america come by or top CEOs makes three
hundred times what a typical worker does
add or when corporate profits soar but
employees don't share in those profits
when it's easy for a big corporation to
get a tax break but it's still too hard
for a small business to get a loan when
the CEO of a drug company jacks up the
price of life-saving medicine 55
thousand percent overnight
and when the governor of this state he
chose a bipartisan compromise to fund
schools and keep mental health facility
is open
and now now your governor is threatening
to privatize Medicaid
and the hawkeye Children's Health
Insurance Program something I helped to
start in the nineteen nineties and
thousands of Iowans are standing up and
saying enough and I'm standing with you
I gotta tell you
that the republican candidates can help
themselves they're pushing the same
failed policies that crashed our economy
before you know what they are cutting
taxes on the super wealthy letting big
corporations write their own rules
busting unions ignoring the middle class
we've heard all this before and we know
what it does and of course none of them
is serious about climate change I love
it when they're asked about it you know
what their answer is I'm not a scientist
well why don't they start listening to
those who are scientists and
understanding what we're up against
around the world
republicans in congress have now voted
more than 50 times to repeal or weaken
the Affordable Care Act they want to
force Americans that is worthy of a big
bunch of booze because force Americans
to start a contentious health care
debate all over again now I believe we
can improve the Affordable Care Act but
we're not going to let them take us back
to insurance companies were riding their
own rules again you know what that was
like they even charge women more for our
coverage than men
and we sure can't let them take us back
to the wild west on Wall Street Rep
shield dodd-frank destroy the Consumer
Financial Protection Board we are going
to stand firm that's why I proposed
tough actions to end the abuses by the
big banks and the excessive risk in the
so-called shadow banking system we are
going just stop Wall Street hurting
mainstream and here we are
everyone here is here because you know
what's at stake in this election no
matter who you're for that's pretty
clear standing up here see who's sitting
where but we all agree on this we can't
let republicans keep rigging our
elections with secret unaccountable of
dark money
we need a supreme court that protects
the right of every citizen to vote not
the right of every corporation to buy
elections and I said from the very
beginning of my campaign even if it
takes a constitutional amendment we will
overturn Citizens United once and for
all
and you know I sometimes I sometimes
wonder whether you sign up to be a
Republican candidate for president they
put you into some kind of time machine
and they take you back fifty 7,500 years
because they keep saying the same out of
date out of touch things we will never
let the republicans or privatize Social
Security or end Medicare as some
promising
I am going to and support what president
Obama has done to protect dreamers and
their families to use executive action
to prevent deportation if we cannot get
comprehensive immigration reform as we
need and as we should
with a real path to citizenship that
will actually grow our economy then I
will go as far as I can even beyond
President Obama to make sure law abiding
decent hardworking people in this
country are not ripped away from their
families
people claim big government Republicans
sure love using government to step in
and make decisions for women about our
bodies and our right
I will do everything to protect a
woman's right to choose and a defend
Planned Parenthood
card
talk about equal pay paid family leave
affordable child care and women's health
is playing the gender card deal
just to rail against the Republic
billionaires we actually have to win
this election in order to rebuild the
middle class and make a positive
difference in people's lives we have to
build an america again
measured by how many people work their
way into the middle class not how many
CEOs get bonuses by how many children
climb out of poverty how many families
can afford health care how many young
people can go to college without taking
on gears
we should measures success in this
country as I said at the debate in Las
Vegas I'm a progressive who likes to get
things done
as a smart man once said there's nothing
wrong with America that can't be fixed
by what is right with america I donald
Trump when he says we have to make
America great again here's what I say
america is great we just have to make it
fair and just
we have to make america work for
everyone not just those at the top
that when Americans come together come
up with smart solutions and fight to get
results there's no challenge we can't
meet in at the top of my list of fights
we have to wage and when it's this
americans need a raise
that's why we must raise the minimum
wage no one who works full time should
live in poverty and I want companies to
have incentives to share more of their
profits with their employees who helped
make those profits in the first place
and companies that ship jobs and profits
overseas shouldn't get tax breaks you
should get tax breaks again I said I
want to be the small business president
and I mean it because small businesses
will create most of the good new jobs of
the future and they should have less red
tape easier access to credit and tax
relief and to create those new
good-paying jobs we have to get back to
investing in science and medical
research we should establish an
infrastructure bank to put Americans to
work building our roads our bridges are
airports are rails are broadband
networks
and I believe I believe we can make
America the world's clean energy
superpower by setting and reaching big
goals again half a billion solar panels
installed in four years and enough
renewable energy produced up power every
home in america and ten years can be
done because I was already leading the
way you're producing roughly a third of
your total electricity from wind and
other renewables I want the rest of the
country to follow your lead
our economy to grow like it should then
we have to make sure women who still
earn less than men on the job and women
of color who earned least of all finally
get a quote pay for equal work
short-changed you shortchange families
and you shortchange America and my
college compact will help students and
graduates refinance their debt just like
you can with a mortgage or car loan and
no one will have to borrow a cent to
attend community college or pay tuition
at a public college or university but
let me say this for a growth and
fairness economy that works for everyone
we can't forget acquired or problems
that often don't make the headlines I'm
also writing for the grandmother who
told me she's raising her grandchild
because of her daughter's struggle with
drug addiction but the mom who asked me
what she's going to do when her child
with autism gets older
for every family trying to cope with
untreated mental illness I'm fighting
for the man I met whose mother has
Alzheimer's he can't afford a full-time
caretaker so you know what he does he's
a teacher he takes his mother to work
with him for LGBT Americans who despite
all our progress and get married on
Saturday and fired on Monday in a lot of
states just because of who they are and
who they love for our veterans of all
ages who served our country with honor
and courage and deserve the benefits
they've earned without delays or abuses
fighting to reform criminal justice for
every mother and father who worry every
day that their child will be stopped by
the police just for being
african-american because she has black
wives matter
fighting to protect our kids in
communities from the plague of gun
violence you should be safe when you go
to school when you go to the movies when
you go to church that's why I'm
proposing common-sense gun safety
measures like universal background
checks closing the loopholes that let
guns fall into the hands of those who
shouldn't have them and repealing the
law that shields gun makers and sellers
from accountability been told to stop
shouting about ending gun violence well
I haven't been shouting but sometimes
when a woman speaks out some people
think it's shouting
I won't be silenced and I hope you won't
be either how many more people have to
die before we take action now folks I've
been at this effort to change and reform
our country for a long time and I
haven't won every battle but I've
learned from each one I know how to
stand my ground and how to find common
brown
that's how I worked with a republican
congress to help create the Children's
Health Insurance Program which covers
eight million kids that's why as a
senator I work with Republicans to
expand health benefits for our National
Guard and Reserves and for the
firefighters and police officers who
rushed or danger on 911 and later groups
sick from their time at Ground Zero and
secretary of state I bought for human
rights women's rights LGBT rights
Internet freedom American jobs and
security around persuading Russia and
China to join in imposing the toughest
sanctions in history on Iran and working
with Republicans and Democrats to get
the 67 votes we needed to ratify a
landmark nuclear arms control treaty I'd
spent my life working for children women
families in our country from the kitchen
table to the peace table trying to even
the odds for people who have the odds
stacked against them and I'm just
getting warmed job
with your support I'm going to deliver
and I didn't learn about fairness
justice opportunity and the American
Dream from politics I learned about it
from my own family my dad around a small
business in Chicago printing drapery
fabric taught me that anything good in
life is worth working for
and my mom had a hard life abandoned
mistreated and working as a maid at the
age of fourteen told me that it crucial
moments people showed her kindness like
that first grade teacher who made sure
she had enough to eat when her parents
didn't even care enough to make sure
that that's what about many reasons I'm
grateful to our educators instead of
becoming bitter or broken she became
resilient she taught me that everybody
gets knocked down in life but that
doesn't mean you stay down
get back up face your challenge just
solve your problems don't just complain
about them
the granddaughter of a factory worker in
the grandmother of the most wonderful
little girl in the world
I will do everything we can to ensure
she has every opportunity to succeed in
life but I don't think you should have
to be the grand daughter of a former
President Bashar in the promise of
america granddaughters and grandsons of
factory workers and truck drivers and
nurses and farmers should have that same
chance to every one of america's
children and grandchildren should have
the opportunity to live up to their
god-given potential that's what I'm
fighting for those struggling striving
and the successful I'm fighting for
everyone who's ever been knocked down
but refused to be knocked out and
together we're going to build an America
where there are no feelings for anyone
where no one gets left behind or left
out and yes we're a father can tell his
daughter you can be anything you want a
big and bloated president