you know over the past several months I
have listened to the problems that keep
american families up at night now most
people don't expect life to be easy but
they want more security a good paying
job that lets you afford a middle-class
lifestyle health care you can count on a
little bit put away for your retirement
being secure also means being safe safe
at home at school at work today I want
to talk about how we keep our country
safe from the threat that's on
everyone's minds the threat of terrorism
but I want to begin by saying we cannot
give in to fear we can't let it stop us
from doing what is right and necessary
to make us safe and doing it in a way
that is consistent with our values
we cannot let fear push us into reckless
actions that end up making us less safe
americans are going to have to act with
both courage and clarity now as we all
know on December 2nd to shoulders killed
14 people at a holiday party in San
Bernardino California sadly in america
and 2015 turning on the news and hearing
about a mass shooting is not unusual but
this one turned out to be different
because these killers were a husband and
wife inspired by Isis americans have
experienced terrorism before a 911 we
learned that terrorists in Afghanistan
could strike our homeland from Fort Hood
to Chattanooga to the Boston Marathon we
saw people radicalized here carrying out
deadly attacks but San Bernardino felt
different maybe it was the timing coming
so soon after the paris attacks maybe it
was how random it seemed a terrorist
attack in a suburban office not a
high-profile target or symbol of
American power it made us all feel that
could have been anywhere at any time
the phrase active shooter should not be
one we have to teach our children but it
is
we are all grappling with what this
means for future for our safety our
sense of well-being and our trust and
connections with our neighbors we want
to be open hearted and we want to
celebrate America's diversity not hear
it and while we know the overwhelming
majority of people here and around the
world
hate Isis and love peace we do have to
be prepared for more terrorists plotting
attacks just yesterday a man in maryland
was charged with receiving thousands of
dollars from Isis for use in planning an
attack and here in Minnesota authorities
have charged 10 men with conspiring to
provide material support to Isis but in
the Twin Cities you have also seen
firsthand how communities come together
to resist radicalization logo imams
condemning terrorist violence local
artists and activists pushing back
against terrorist propaganda I just met
with a group of community leaders told
me about some of the work and the
challenges that they are dealing with as
the first somali-american police
sergeant in Minnesota and probably in
the country said recently
safety is a shared responsibility so we
have to work together the threat
the threat we face is daunting but
America has overcome big challenges many
times before
throughout our history we have stared
into the face of evil and refused to
blank we'd be fascism won the cold war
brought Osama bin Laden to justice so no
one should ever underestimate the
determination of the American people and
I'm confident we will once again
shoes resolve over fear
and we will defeat these new enemies
just as we have defeated those who
threatened us in the past because it is
not enough to contain Isis we must
defeat Isis break its momentum and then
it's back and not just Isis but the
broader radical jihadist movement that
also includes al-qaida and offshoots
like al-shabab in Somalia now waging and
winning this fight will require serious
leadership but unfortunately our
political debate has been anything but
serious we can't afford another major
ground war in the Middle East
that's exactly what Isis wants from us
shallow slogans don't add up to a
strategy
promising to carpet bomb until the
desert blows doesn't make you sound
strong it makes you sound like you're in
over your head
and bigotry are not credentials for
becoming commander in chief and it is
hard to take seriously senators who
talked tough but then holed up key
national security
nominations including the top official
at the treasury department responsible
for disrupting terrorist financing
every day that's wasted on partisan
gridlock could put Americans in danger
so yes we need a serious discussion and
that's why in a speech last month before
the Council on Foreign Relations I laid
out a three-part plan to defeat Isis and
the broader extremist movement one
defeat Isis in the middle east by
smashing its stronghold hitting its
fighters leaders and infrastructure from
the air and intensifying support for
local forces who can pursue them on the
ground
second defeat them around the world by
dismantling the global network of terror
that supplies radical jihadists with
money
arms propaganda and fighters and third
defeat them fear at home by foiling
plots disrupting radicalization and hard
during our defenses now these three
lines of effort reinforce one another so
we need to pursue them all at once using
every pillar of American power it will
require skillful diplomacy to continue
secretary carey's efforts to encourage
political reconciliation in Iraq and
political transition in Syria enabling
more Sunni Arabs and Kurdish fighters to
take on Isis on both sides of the border
and to get our Arab and Turkish partners
to actually step up and do their part
it will require more USA and allied air
power and a broader targets set for
strikes by planes and drones with proper
safeguards it will require special
operations units to advise and train
local forces and conduct key
counterterrorism mission what it will
not require is 10
of thousands of American combat troops
that is not the right action for us to
take in this situation so there is a lot
to do today I want to focus on the third
part of my plan how we defend our
country and prevent radicalization here
at home we need a comprehensive strategy
to counter each step in the process that
can lead to an attack like the one in
San Bernardino first we have to shut
down Isis recruitment in the United
States especially online second stop
would-be jihadists from getting training
overseas and stop foreign terrorists
from coming here
third discover and disrupt plots before
they can be carried out
fourth support law enforcement officers
who risked their lives to prevent and
respond to attacks and fifth in power
are Muslim American communities who are
on the front lines
this is a 360 degree strategy to keep
America safe and i wanna walk through
each of the elements from recruitment to
training to planning execution Thurs
shutting down recruitment we have to
stop jihadists from radicalizing new
recruits in person and through social
media chat rooms and what's called the
dark web to do that we need stronger
relationships between Washington Silicon
Valley and all of our great tech
companies and entrepreneurs American
innovation is a powerful force and we
have to put it to work
defeating Isis that starts with
understanding where and how recruitment
happens our security professionals need
to more effectively tracked and analyzed
Isis is social media posts and map
jihadist networks and they need help
from the tech community companies should
redouble their efforts to maintain and
enforce their own service agreement and
other necessary policies to police their
networks identifying extremist content
and removing it now many are already
doing this and sharing those best
practices more widely is important at
the state department I started an inter
agency Centre to combat violent jihadist
messages to have a better way to
communicate on behalf of our values and
to give young people drawn to those
messages an alternative narrative we
recruited specialist low and in Arabic
Urdu and Somali to wage on line battles
with extremist to counter their
propaganda now these efforts have not
kept pace with the threat
so we need to step up our game in
partnership with the private sector and
credible moderate voices outside
government but that's just some of what
we have to do experts from the FBI the
intelligence community Homeland Security
DOD State Department and the technology
industry should work together to develop
a unified national strategy to defeat
Isis in cyberspace using all of our
capabilities to deny jihadist virtual
territory just as we work to deny them
actual territory and at the same time we
have to do more to address the challenge
of radicalization whatever form it takes
it's imperative that the saudis that
galleries the Pilates and others stop
their citizens from supporting radical
schools madrasas and mosques around the
world once and for all and that should
be the top priority in all of our
discussions with these countries now
second we have to prevent Isis recruits
from training abroad and prevent foreign
jihadists from coming here
most urgent is stemming the flow of
fighters from Europe and America to Iraq
and Syria and then back home again the
United States and our allies needs to
know the identities of every fighter who
makes that trip and then share
information with each other in real time
right now
European nations don't always alert each
other when they turn away a suspected
extremist at the border or when a
passport is stolen they have to
dramatically improve
intelligence-sharing and
counterterrorism cooperation and we're
ready to help them do that we also need
to take down the network of enablers who
helped jihadis finance and facilitate
their travel forged documents and evade
detection and the United States and our
allies should commit to revoke the
passports and visas of jihadists who
have gone to join Isis or other groups
and bring the full force of the law
against them as I've said before United
States has to take a close look at our
visa programs and I am glad the
administration and Congress are stepping
up scrutiny in the wake of San
Bernardino and that should include
scrutinizing applicants social media
postings we also should just dispatched
more homeland security agents to high
risk countries to better investigate
these applicants for many years america
has waived visa requirements for
travelers from countries with reliable
security procedures including key allies
in Europe and Asia that makes sense but
we also have to be smart except for
limited exceptions like diplomats and
aid workers and they want to as traveled
in the past five years to a country
facing serious problems with terrorism
and foreign fighters should have to go
through a full these investigation no
matter where they're from
we also have to be vigilant in screening
and vetting refugees from Syria guided
by the best judgment of our security and
diplomatic professionals rigorous
vetting already takes place while
refugees are still overseas and it's a
process that historically takes 18 to 24
months but congress needs to provide
enough resources to ensure we have
sufficient personnel deployed to run the
most thorough passable process and just
as importantly we cannot allow
terrorists to intimidate us into
abandoning our values and our
humanitarian obligations
applying a religious test that
discriminates against Muslims slamming
the door on every single syrian refugee
that is not who we are as Americans we
are better than that
it would be a cruel irony indeed if Isis
can force families from their homes and
then also prevent them from finding new
ones so after rigorous screening we
should welcome families fleeing Syria
just as the Twin Cities and this state
have welcomed previous generations of
refugees exiles and immigrants
the key used to prevent terrorists also
from exploiting our compassion and
endangering our security we can do this
and I think we must third we have to
discover and disrupt jihadist plots
before they can be carried out this is
going to take better intelligence
collection analysis and sharing I
proposed an intelligence surged against
Isis that includes more operations
officers and linguists enhancing our
technical surveillance of overseas
targets intercepting terrorists
communications flying more
reconnaissance missions to track
terrorist movements and developing even
closer partnerships with other
intelligence services President Obama
recently signed the USA Freedom Act
which was passed by a bipartisan
majority in Congress it protects civil
liberties while maintaining capabilities
that our intelligence and law
enforcement agencies need to keep us
safe however the new law is now under
attack from presidential candidates on
the left and right
somewhat strip away crucial
counterterrorism tools even with
appropriate judicial and congressional
oversight and others seem eager to go
back to discredited practices of the
past I don't think we can afford to let
either of you prevail now encryption of
mobile devices and communications does
present a particularly tough problem
with important implications for security
and civil liberties law enforcement and
counterterrorism professionals warn that
impenetrable encryption may make it
harder for them to investigate plots and
prevent future attacks on the other hand
there are very legitimate worries about
privacy network security and creating
new vulnerabilities that bad actors can
exploit I know there's no magic fix to
this dilemma that will satisfy all these
concerns but we can't just throw up our
hands but tech community and the
government have to stop seeing each
other as adversaries and start working
together to keep us safe from terrorists
and even as we make sure law enforcement
officials get the tools they need to
prevent attacks it's essential that we
also make sure jihadis don't get the
tools they need to carry out attacks it
defies common sense that republicans in
congress refuse to make it harder for
potential terrorists to buy guns
you are too dangerous to buy a gun and
we should and
comprehensive background checks and
close loopholes that allow potential
terrorists to buy weapons online or at
gun shows and I think it's time to
restore the ban on assault weapons and
high capacity
nothing to do with terrorism for them
terrorists use guns to kill Americans
and I think we should make it a lot
harder for them to do that every day
and there's a question a question they
should be asked why don't the Republican
candidates want to do that
UCI of this old fashioned idea that we
elect a president in part in large part
to keep us safe from terrorists from gun
violence from whatever threatens our
families and communities and I'm not
going to let the gun lobby or anyone
else tell me that's not the right path
now the fourth in my strategy is
supporting law enforcement officers who
risked their lives to prevent and
respond to terrorist attacks in San
Bernardino city county state and federal
authorities acted with speed and courage
to prevent even more loss of life
detective was honor a fifteen-year
police veteran assured terrified
civilians I'll take a bullet before you
do there is no limit to the gratitude we
all to law enforcement professionals
like that detective who run toward
danger to try to save lives and not just
in the immediate wake of an attack our
police firefighters and emergency
responders will keep putting their lives
on the line long after the cameras move
on its really disgraceful that Congress
has thus far failed to keep faith with
first responders suffering from a
lasting health effects of 911
women I was so proud to represent as a
senator from New York there's a drug 911
Health Act never should have been
allowed to lapse it looks like majority
leader McConnell may have finally
dropped his opposition and I hope the
american people will hold him to that
and we will continue to honor the
service and sacrifice of those who
responded to the worst terrorist attack
in our history we have to make sure that
local law enforcement has the resources
and training they need to keep us safe
and they should be more closely synched
up with national counter terrorism
experts including with better use of
fusion centers that serve as clearing
houses for intelligence and coordination
and we need to strengthen our defenses
and are resilient wherever we're
vulnerable whether it's soft targets
like shopping malls or higher profile
targets like airports railways or power
plants we have to build on the progress
of the Obama administration and locking
down loose nuclear materials and other
WMD so they never fall into the hands of
terrorists who seek them actively around
the world so we should be providing the
Department of Homeland Security with the
resources it needs to stay one step
ahead not trying to privatize he
functions like TSA as some Republicans
have proposed and it's important for us
to recognize that when we talk about law
enforcement we have made progress in
being sure that our federal authorities
share information with our state and
local authorities but that was an issue
I tackled after 911 and we have to stay
really vigilant so that information is
in the
hands where it needs to be now finally
the fifth element in the strategy is
empowering Muslim American communities
who are on the front lines in the fight
against radicalization there are
millions of peace-loving American
Muslims living working raising families
paying taxes in our country these
American
Americans may be our first last and best
defense against homegrown radicalization
and terrorism they are the most likely
to recognize the insidious effects of
radicalization before it's too late
intervene to help a young person
straight they are the best position to
block anything going forward
that's why law enforcement has worked so
hard since 911 to build up trust and
strong relationships within Muslim
American communities here in the Twin
Cities you have an innovative
partnership that brings together parents
teachers imams and others in the
somali-american community with law
enforcement nonprofits local businesses
mental health professionals and others
to intervene with young people who are
at risk
it's called the building community
resilience pilot program and it deserves
increased support it has not gotten the
financial resources that it needs to do
everything the people involved in it
know they can do and we've got to do a
better job of support
now I know like many places across the
country there's more work to do to
increase trust between communities in
law enforcement just last month I no
hear a young african-american man was
fatally shot by a police officer and I
understand an investigation is underway
whatever the outcome tragedies like this
raised had questions about racial
justice in America and put at risk
efforts to build the community
relationships that help keep us safe
from crime and from terrorism when
people see that respect and trust are
two way streets they are more likely to
work hand-in-hand with law enforcement
one of the mothers of 10 men recently
charged with conspiring with terrorists
said we have to stop the denial he told
other parents we have to talk to our
kids and work with the FBI that's a
message we need to hear from leaders
within Muslim American communities
across our country but we also want to
highlight the successes and Muslim
American communities and there are so
many of them I just met with the first
somali-american council member of the
City Council here
proudly telling me how much change
Somali immigrants now Muslim Americans
have made in parts of the city in
neighborhoods that had been pretty much
hollowed-out let's look at the successes
if we're going to fully integrate
everyone into america then we need to be
seeing all their contributions to and
that is one of the many reasons why we
must all stand up against offensive
inflammatory hate and child mostly
rhetoric
do these comments cut against everything
we stand for as americans they are also
dangerous as the director of the FBI
told congress recently anything that
erodes trust with muslim-americans makes
the job of law enforcement more
difficult we need every community
invested in this fight not alienated and
sitting on the sidelines one of the
community leaders I met with told me
that a lot of the children in the
community are now afraid to go to school
there not only afraid of being perceived
as a threat they are afraid of being
threatened because of who they are
this is such a open hearted and generous
community I hope there will be even more
efforts perhaps under the aegis of the
university and certainly Governor Dayton
and others to bring people together to
reassure members of the community
particularly children and teenagers that
they are welcome
invited and valued here in this city and
state
a ban on all Muslims entering the United
States has rightly sparked outrage
across our country and around the world
even some of the other republican
candidates are saying he's gone too far
but the truth is many of those same
candidates have also said disgraceful
things about Muslims and this kind of
divisive rhetoric actually plays into
the hands of terrorists it alienates
partners and undermines moderates we
need around the world in this fight
against Isis you know you hear a lot of
talk from some of the other candidates
about coalitions everyone seems to want
one but there's not nearly as much talk
about what it actually takes to build a
coalition and make it work I know how
hard this is because I've done it and I
can tell you insulting potential allies
doesn't make it any easier
dehumanizing Muslims also feeds a
narrative that jihadists you to recruit
new followers around the world that the
United States is at war with Islam as
both the pentagon and the FBI have said
in the past week we cannot in any way
lend credence to that twisted idea this
is not a clash of civilization
this is a clash between civilization and
barbarism and bad how it must be seen
and Paul
open society is a vulnerability in the
struggle against terrorism I disagree I
believe our tolerance and diversity are
at the poor of our strength at a
naturalization ceremony for new citizens
today in Washington President Obama
noted the tension throughout our history
between welcoming or rejecting the
stranger it is he said about the meaning
of America what kind of country do we
want to be and it's about the capacity
of each generation to honor the Creed as
old as our founding E pluribus unum out
of many we are one President Obama's
right and it matters it's no coincidence
that American Muslims have long been
better integrated and less susceptible
to radicalization of Muslims in less
welcoming nations and we cannot give
into demagogues who play on our basest
instincts we must instead rely on the
principles written in to our american
DNA freedom equality of opportunity
america is strongest when all our people
believe they have a stake in our country
and our future no matter where they're
from what they look like how they
worship or who they love our country was
founded by people fleeing religious
persecution as george washington put it
the United States gives to bigotry no
sanction to persecution no assistance so
to all our Muslim American brothers and
sisters this is your country true and I
am proud to be your fellow
America
particularly our republican friends at
George W Bush was right
six days after 911 he went Muslim
community center and here's what he said
those who feel like they can intimidate
our fellow citizens to take out their
anger don't represent the best of
america they represent the worst of
humankind and they should be ashamed of
that kind of behavior so
America you need look no further than
army captain he was born in the United
Arab Emirates moved to Maryland as a
small child he later graduated from the
University of Virginia before enlisting
in the United States Army in June 2004
he was serving in Iraq one day while his
infantry unit was guarding the gates of
their base a suspicious vehicle appeared
captain Khan told his troops to get back
but he went forward he took ten steps
toward the car before it exploded
captain card was killed but his unit was
saved by his courageous act captain
Colin was posthumously awarded the
Bronze Star and Purple Heart he was just
27 years old we still wonder what made
him take those ten steps as father said
in a recent interview maybe that's the
point he went on where all the values
all the service to country all the
things he learned in this country
kicked in it was those values that made
him take those ten steps those ten steps
told us we did not make a mistake in
moving to this country
his father as hard as this is it is time
to move from fear to resolve to stand up
and say we are americans we are the
greatest nation on earth not in spite of
the challenges we faced but because of
them Americans will not buckle or break
we will not turn on each other or turn
on our principles
ads we will pursue our enemies with
unyielding power and purpose we will
rush there would be Caliphate and
counter radical jihadism wherever it
takes root we're in it for the long haul
and will stand taller and stronger than
they can possibly imagine that's what we
do here that's who we are that's how we
will win by looking at one another with
respect with concern with commitment
that's the America that I know makes us
all so proud to be a part of
thank you all very much