on this beautiful day out in the
sunshine historic setting the first
president of the united states that ever
came here untold was george washington
had a lot to do with leading our country
and forming it and I am so proud that
you have as your governor a great leader
like Terry McAuliffe
shy and retiring job but I think there's
a real lesson not only in what he did
when he ran for your governorship but
when he has served for you he set out a
progressive agenda he laid out very
clearly what he wanted to do and then I
got to work doing it in addition to all
of the promises he made that he has cap
he has continued with enthusiasm and
energy to drive a lift up the people of
the Commonwealth he's not trying to
divide people and set them against each
other as he is trying to bring people
together to get better jobs and rising
incomes and make sure the children of
Virginia get the health care they need
the nutrition that they need a great
team I wanna thank dick saslaw the
Democratic leader in the virginia state
senator is here
gunfire whose district we are in all the
elected officials
have a big election coming up in June
weeks and it really matters that you
come out and vote because it will
determine how much more Terry can get
done in the years remaining in his term
he's already as he said helped to drive
down the unemployment rate
create and bring more jobs to Virginia
think of what he could do for you if he
had partners in the state Senate and the
Statehouse I think everybody for coming
out here today but I especially thank
the veterans the active-duty
servicemembers the military families who
are representing here today I know a lot
of you are taking time out from your job
and your families to be here and i
really appreciate it because you know
how important this election is it's
going to have a big impact on the future
for us for our families and for our
country and we're facing a very stark
choice either we're going to build on
the progress we've made under President
Obama
gonna give republicans another chance to
tear down everything we've worked so
hard to bill I know that Republicans
would rather have us forget but I
remember when President Obama came into
office he was facing the worst financial
crisis since the Great Depression I
remember meeting with me call me shortly
after the election asked me to come to
Chicago I didn't know why at the time
turned out he wanted me to be as
secretary of state which I was very
first part of our conversation talking
about how bad things were here it was
this new young dynamic president and the
republicans on the way out the door
hey by the way we're losing 800,000 jobs
a month the auto industry is on the
brink of collapse taken millions more
jobs with it and president-elect Obama
said you know it so much worse than they
told us he got to work and we've come a
long way
I don't think President Obama gets the
credit he deserves for letting us out of
that Great Recession economy from what
could have been a great depressions a
rescue the auto industry he began to
crack down on Wall Street abuses and on
top of that he helped eighteen million
more Americans get health insurance
through the airport so I agree with what
Vice President Biden said the other day
in the Rose Garden Democrats should be
proud of that record of a chain men and
women should have been elections about
the future isn't it and there's a lot
more work that has to be done
President Obama Vice President Biden
would be the first to say that and I
know they'll both feet fighting the
fight that they have been committed to
after they leave office but when I look
at what we have to do I'm filled with
excitement and optimism I'm not running
for President Obama's third term I'm not
running for bill clinton's third-term
I'm running for my first
their records should make democrats
proud and they should make Americans
proud I spent the first part of this
campaign traveling across our country
listening to people I visited folks in
their homes schools businesses and I
listened I listened as they told me
about their lives the good the bad it's
amazing when you run for office if you
actually listen people will open their
hearts to you they will tell you things
that maybe their family members or their
neighbors certainly don't know and
here's what I've heard people feel like
after six and a half years of hard work
and sacrifice america is standing again
but we're not running yet the way we
should for most people
paychecks haven't budged in years the
minimum wage should be called when it is
a poverty wage many women yes till 2015
many women are paid less than men for
doing the same were
and women of color earn even less
just this week the Department of Labor
released new data showing that as our
economy gets stronger men's pay is going
up more than twice as fast as women's
pay meanwhile the cost of everything
from college to prescription drugs keeps
going up in a quality is a huge problem
in America and we cannot go back to the
policies that actually made it worse in
the nineteen nineties at the end of two
terms of my husband we had not only 23
million new jobs we had incomes rising
for everybody
the ranch middle class working folks the
poor everybody was getting ahead look at
what's happening now and why is that
it's because we haven't focused on what
the central economic issue is how do we
get incomes rising again and how do we
begin to rein in the costs that are such
a burden just so many americans look at
the way student debt is weighing people
down million Americans have student debt
how many of you in this crowd have
student death I've got a plan to the two
could refinance it and get out from
under that student debt and get on with
your lives to be productive in the
economy and listen to this in many
states quality child care is more
expensive than college tuition
how honors our families particularly
single mother families single father
families how on earth are they going to
be able to do their jobs and take care
of their kids went on president that's
why I've made a high priority of us
achieving paid family lane only advanced
economy with no program and when people
ask me about it and they say well how
can we do this I said well you know
california's had a program for a while
other states are finally coming around
it will really help middle class and
working families and we still haven't
pass comprehensive immigration reform
which has brought out some of the worst
Republican candidates running for
president running for president because
after listening to people across our
country your fight are my fights and I
won't quit until all americans have a
chance to get ahead and stay ahead again
things have been said about me but
twitter is not one of them
help middle-class families get that
raised in to fight for small businesses
that create most of the jobs in america
to make sure that when a company does
well it's not just the shareholders and
executives who benefit it's also the
people who work at that company they
should be able to share in the profits
of that company and I'm running not only
to make life a little easier for working
parents but to close that wage gap
because women deserve fair pay you know
the other day yesterday in new hampshire
young man came up to me probably mid
twenties he said I want to tell you I am
for you I said please thank you my first
real job when I was 17 I went to work as
a cashier in a store near where I live
it was a story of my mother was already
working as a cashier and she had raised
me by yourself I was really proud of
short sleeve white shirt and a tie I
went to work in that store first payday
I bring my check home and I show my
mother always said I see this look on
her face I said what's wrong she said
you know they started you at a dollar
more an hour they pay me after four
years
doin the same job I did have a little
girl at a town hall of Nevada I love
calling on the kids in these town halls
you never know what they're gonna send a
little girl got the microphone she
looked at me she goes if you're a girl
president
the same amount of money as a boy
president
so checked it lately but I think so you
know what we have to make sure that
everyone in america has access to
quality affordable health care and I
want to applaud again for governor
because he's been waging a really
important fight here in the Commonwealth
of these issues where ideology trumps
evidence to states that have expanded
Medicaid fully paid for in the beginning
by the federal government they've
actually seen insurance rates drop
they've been able to keep rural and
small-town hospitals open and they've
been able to take care of hundreds and
hundreds of millions of people and yet
here in Virginia despite the evidence
ideology basically has clouded the
calculation and so terry has been
struggling with his legislature to do
what is not only good for the people who
would get health care but good for
everybody applauded him again for taking
on this site
quality affordable health care
in addition to having a plan so that you
can refinance your student debt I wanna
put college within the reach of more
people again has gone up more than
anything else in the last 10 years plans
so that if you go to a four-year public
college or university you will not have
to borrow money for tuition and if you
do national service if you go into a
service profession after you finish you
have even a better deal because it's not
right that hard-working talented young
people are unable to get the education
they are pursuing because they cannot
afford it
that it's not the America we want for
our children and our grandchildren in
all of these fights to make sure the
republicans don't privatize Social
Security make sure they don't demonize
hardworking immigrants we are going to
run a campaign that s all of you to be
part of doing what we need to reach out
to as many of your friends and neighbors
as possible because we want to run this
campaign on a real agenda just like
Terry did I want the American people to
know exactly what I will do from the
first hour after I am sworn in
I can't do this without your help and
that's one of the reasons why I'm so
thrilled to see all of you here in
virginia because Virginia will vote on
March 1st and that of course is our most
fundamental right as americans isn't it
the right to vote
states try to make it hard for people to
vote
young people people with disabilities
the elderly people of color I want you
to be able to vote no matter who you
vote for
of course I want your vote but as your
President I will fight any effort to
disenfranchise any american any where
to protect our families and communities
from the plague of gun violence
heartbreaking and infuriating that we
lose an average of 90 americans every
day because of guns and no matter what
anybody says this is not an urban
problem the problem and small towns and
suburbs on college campuses in movie
theaters even in the basement of a
church I want to publicly thank your
governor for signing an executive order
that prohibits the open carry of guns in
state government buildings
and also for creating a task force to
better prosecute gun crimes that is the
kind of sensible reform we should all be
able to get behind in fact we know that
the majority of Americans and the
majority of gun owners agree with us on
this now I've been told to stop shouting
about guns actually I haven't been
shouting but sometimes when a woman
talks some people think
but I won't be silenced and I hope you
won't be either I will be speaking out
and I will keep taking on the NRA bag
question for responsible gun owners has
to be how many more people have to die
before we take action and I would love
to see gun owners start a competing
organization the NRA basically
represents the manufacturers and the
sellers and one of the most outrageous
votes that I ever had to take when I was
in the senate was a NRA bill to give
immunity to gun manufacturers and
sellers for just about everything
it was unique no other industry in
america has anything like it and it's
basically an NRA gift to gun
manufacturers and gun sellers it's wrong
and we have to stand against it and we
have to fight to repeal it everybody in
this country should be responsible and
accountable for their actions and that
includes gun manufacturers gun sellers
and the NRA now I think I think these
are all fights worth taking odd and I am
ready with your help to do that as I
said the other night at the debate ima
progressive a progressive who likes to
get things done
and yeah I know how to find common
ground I did it in the senate I get it
as secretary of state I will certainly
do it as President I will go anywhere
any time to meet with anybody to find
common ground but I also know how to
stand my ground and you deserve you
deserve a nominee and a president with
the solutions and the determination to
actually make a difference in your lives
and in our country's future so we have a
lot of work ahead of us my friends
because there are people out there was a
very different vision for our country
and that's worthy of a great debate and
there are the allies of those on the
other side who will say do and spend
whatever it takes to advance their own
out of touch out of date
agenda so here's my promise to you
other candidates may be out there
hurling insults at everyone talking
about what's wrong with america wanting
to divide us I still believe there is
nothing wrong with America they can't
beat 65 building what's right with
america
either make sure our country has one
where we lift each other up and leave no
one behind I am grateful for the
hundreds of thousands of grassroots
activists who are joining this campaign
the veterans and workers the students
the teachers that parents or
grandparents across our country and I'm
especially proud of the women who are
supporting my campaign in record numbers
these days about the super PACs and the
billionaire mega donors but a lot of
people don't realize my campaign is
being built by small donors capo giving
$1 $5 whatever they can afford over 90%
of my donations come from donors giving
$100 or less and I have some great news
as of today more than 500,000 people
have done donated to my campaign and
we're increasing that number because at
the end of this campaign doesn't belong
to me it belongs to you and to the
millions of Americans we are fighting
for and that we want to be a part of it
so whether you've ever been involved in
campaign before whether you've ever
voted before there is a place for you
not just in my campaign but when we win
and we began the hard work to make sure
our country lives up to our hopes and
dreams
there's something you can do right now
text join J 00 247 246 go to Hillary
Clinton dot com for more information
talk to your friends your colleagues
your neighbors talk to them about how
important this election is to our future
you know every day that I get out on the
campaign trail there's a lot that
motivates me I'll need somebody who has
a story to tell
here's something that really gets me
energized sometimes even more motivated
than I was the day before
but what I think about all the time is
my granddaughter and the reason I do is
because for those of you who are
grandparents you know that it just
focuses your mind unlike anything else
that you've ever experienced obviously
bill and I are gonna do everything we
can to make sure our granddaughter has
whatever opportunities she could
possibly want in her life that's not
enough I'm the granddaughter of a
factory worker from Scranton
Pennsylvania grandfather went to work in
the straight-laced Mills worked hard for
so many years so that he could give his
sons about her life and he do all three
of his sons went to college
my father became a small businessman
after serving in the Navy in World War
Two just what's going to happen to my
granddaughter but the kids in our
country what kind of America will be
inherit what kind of world will be
waiting for them because you see I don't
think you should have to be the grand
daughter of a former president to be
able to claim the promise of america I
think you shouldn't be able to be the
granddaughter a factory worker the
grandson of a truck driver or any child
in this country should have a good
health care in the education and the
opportunities to make the most out of
his or her god-given potential that's
what I'm gonna fight for a country that
opens doors again for everyone and where
every father can save his daughter you
can be anything you want including
president of the united
you are
and we all know that the republican
agenda set back women's rights and I
pledge all my energy to a job big 2016
victory for Democrats across the country
and we do have a winning message of
building a strong middle class investing
in education infrastructure extending
health coverage to more and more
Americans granting a path to citizenship
to those who've lived in the shadows for
too long
accepting the child science of climate
change and having the leadership to cut
back on fossil fuel consumption with
sound policy we defend our civil
liberties and
and having leadership to cut back on
fossil fuel consumption with sound
policy we defend our civil liberties and
women's reproductive freedoms we respect
the rights of LGBT friends understand
black lights matter that we do need to
do more for native americans and most of
all you can be sure that Democrats will
make good appointments to the Supreme
Court something this country needs and
deserves now she may not have been
campaigning on a platform of prosperity
through peace but after much thought I
decided to end my campaign for the
president today thank you but I would
like to take this opportunity one last
time to advocating for a chance
be given to peace since today is all
about women's leadership reminds me of
one of my favorite Greek place this
Estrada
a comedy from 400 BC by aristophanes now
in that play a group of women had up
with the warmongering of their husbands
agreed to and how do I say this
appropriately withhold their favors
until peace returns and it worked
the end of the Peloponnesian wars
anyway let's talk about the present
study showed that women tend to read
differently than men and that women are
more likely to be collaborative and
team-oriented
undeniable the benefits women provide to
the pursuit of peace now when I was a
senator a general from the pentagon
testified before the Foreign Relations
Committee on global military powers and
I asked him who was second to the United
States in military might and he thought
for a bit and then he said probably the
UK and yes there was a few years ago but
the point remains true no real rival to
the united states exist when it comes to
total weaponry and we make
virginia-class submarines around and
I've been on an overnight patrol what a
phenomenal piece of technology and
craftsmanship and machine bristling with
the most advanced power imaginable and
some reason just one instrument and are
staggeringly efficient Arsenal war and
yes we are sinking ever deeper and
deeper into an endless morass in the
Middle East and North Africa people keep
dying in peace seems further and further
away it's evident that all this military
power isn't working for us right now
story from Danang Vietnam deny that city
has so many memories from my generation
but just this summer
warmer viacom index American gizz we're
laughing eating drinking and celebrating
the fourth of July together and the
article quoted Pete Peterson a former
air force pilot who spent six and a half
years in a hand or a prison camp after
he was shot down and later he served as
ambassador to Vietnam in the nineteen
nineties and he said now vietnam the
United States have so much in common
I'll after all the horror of that war
why did we do it he was asked and he
said I have thought about this for a
long time I'm convinced that the war
could have been averted had we made the
effort to understand the politics of the
place had we made the effort to
understand the politics of the place
leasing gentleman from what I've heard
none of the Republicans running for
president want to understand anything
about the Middle East and North Africa
instead they prefer more bellicose see
more saber-rattling and more macho
posturing
when i hear all the stuff talk I had
deja voo about the evil viacom we should
be different
democrats should insist and learning
from the lessons of Vietnam
could have been averted no I'm not
saying that all countries are right in
any particular thing they do we must
hold them accountable but we can't do
that if we don't hold ourselves
accountable and change our entire
paradigm United States is so strong
militarily economically culturally that
we must take chances for peace
militarily economically culturally that
we must take chances for peace if we
have courage we take risks we can have
prosperity through peace not just the
united states but all over the world do
we want to be remembered as a bomber of
weddings in hospitals and we will be
remembered as peacemakers as pioneers of
a more harmonious world if American War
veterans in Viet Cong fighters can laugh
together on the fourth of July 29 oh so
to answer Iranian Sandra's railey's
Shias and Sunnis Turks and Kurds no wise
men President Eisenhower counseled us
that only an alert and knowledgeable
citizenry ensure the proper meshing of
both security and liberty so it's up to
you
women citizens humans to demand from
your leaders and end to the endless wars
in the beginning of a new era for the
united states and humanity Thank You Go
democrats and
women's forum hosted by the DNC DNC
President Obama just beginning to speak
to the group live coverage here on C
span to strengthen this party up and
down the ballot in all 50 states that
are chair debbie Wasserman Schultz
debbie's couldn't be here today because
she's working to build up our party in
tennessee she is relentless she's got
incredible partners in the CEO of the
DNC everyday see where they me she's
around here somewhere
giving me a big round of applause she
and the women's leadership forum
co-founders Cynthia freemen and Carol
Penn State
so it is good to see all of you
many of you have been friends for a long
time and then there's some of you who
were when I first ran for the presidency
which is not like I was 5 the point
though is that all of you are working
hard to make sure that our party and our
country moves forward and for the
younger people here let me refresh your
memory when we came together seven years
ago we did so not just elected president
but to reaffirm our faith and that most
fundamental basic American idea that
people who love this country and
changing lot of you were involved in
that movement lot of you
statement ever since and that faith has
sometimes been tested by war and
recession and by politics and by
obstruction and by a lot of cynics who
said it was foolish Russell keep
believing that I was naive for us to
keep on trying but thanks to folks like
you thanks to americans like you this
country is moving forward I made judges
think I think about the path we travel
but yes
well when I took off this we were lost
800,000 jobs and unemployment rate was
on its way to 10% today during the
course of the longest streak of job
growth on record our businesses have
created 13.2 million new jobs
unemployment is now 5.1 percent of
Americans without health insurance today
we've covered another seventeen million
Americans for the first time on record
more than ninety percent of Americans
have coverage for everybody who are had
coverage now insurance companies can
discriminate because of a pre-existing
condition or charge women more just for
being a woman when I took office we were
hopelessly addicted to foreign oil
we've cut our oil imports by half we
have double the production of clean
energy triple the amount of wind power
we generate twenty times more solar
energy is now created then when I came
into office and all that's generating
good jobs can be outsourced and helping
the environment when I took office our
influence around the world was animator
are standing was diminished today
America's leading the world in
confronting new threats making sure Iran
doesn't get a nuclear weapon America's
leading the world in global action on
climate change America's leading the
world to rights smarter and stronger
trade rules for the 21st century we've
begun a new chapter of engagement with
the cuban people we have brought
thousands of our brave troops home to me
when they're brave families so we've
made incredible progress on just about
every punch you you can't find a part of
our economic life where we haven't seen
significant progress but we come here
today because we know we still got work
to do
we can't just be complacent weekend rest
on our laurels 11 cynics told us we
couldn't change this country they were
wrong but we know we still got work to
do
marriage equality is now a reality but
we've still got work to do to make sure
that our LGBT community is getting fair
treatment on the job
high school graduation rates are up and
college graduation rates are up but we
still have to help young people be able
to go to college without burden and
being burdened by a mountain of debt
being burdened by amount of debt is up
but we still have to do more to make
sure that we're training our folks to
get these new manufacturing jobs are
deficits are down but we gotta make sure
that we are making the investments that
we need to grow in the future are carbon
pollution is down but we're not moving
as fast as we need to control climate
change teen pregnancy rates are down but
we've got a lot of folks were attacking
the right of women just to have basic
health care in this country and be able
to make decisions about reproductive
freedom without having some member of
congress some governor some other
elected officials tried and true but the
point is over although we're making
enormous progress and and and it does
make you wonder why is it the Republican
politicians are so down on america
have you noticed that there are gloomy
according to the political season but
you you listen to him and and they were
constructed this entire separate reality
like The Twilight Zone and according to
their their story their narrative
everything was trippin back in 2008 when
unemployment skyrocketing an uninsured
rates were rising and folks were losing
their homes and their jobs and we are
engaged in two wars and bin Laden was
still at large
if you were listening to them both were
like the good old days ago in News
and then I came in and the democrats
that's when everything 2012
which is strange I mean it's a hard
argument to make
there was an article in the New York
Times today or maybe it was yesterday
when they pointed out that it's very
hard for them to make the arguments they
make about tax cuts for the wealthy and
doing the same stuff that they've been
promoting and trying to eliminate
regulations on the big banks know that
when the empirical evidence shows that
when Democrats control the White House
and we've got a democratic congress the
economy was better and when they're in
charge it does work I made just look at
the facts
don't take my word for it go back take a
look at alright here's bill clinton's
presidency and then there's Bush
presidency and there's my presidency and
take a look and you gotta feel bad for
the fact checkers for the republicans
spent hours trying to keep up with some
of the crazy stuff that their candidates
are claiming and the reason that the
makeup stuff is because they don't have
a record to run off their offering the
same policies that caused so many
problems in the first place they ran on
them in 2008 they ran on the 2012 the
running on the net more tax cuts for the
folks at the very top although there is
no economic evidence to show that that
would grow the economy they say that's
going to grow the economy
nobody believes that no economist think
it but they insist on your investments
and things like education even though
there is no evidence that would actually
improve the lives of the american people
there's a lot of evidence it would make
it worse they want to repeal the
Affordable Care Act which I know is a
shop shopping development
millions of hardworking Americans offer
health insurance they've been promising
since we passed that they would replace
it with something better except they
can't come up with anything
accepted just happy for him
Wall Street Reform and risk another
crisis by letting the big banks running
while they may want to strip away rate
regulations on polluters
prices by the big banks run while they
may want to strip away rate regulations
on polluters saying that these are job
killers despite the fact is I already
pointed out that point out that job
growth happens on your democratic
administrations and was worse under
their administrations and may even deny
that the plant is getting warmer and
wetter climates more dangerous and this
despite evidence to the contrary they
are fighting tooth and nail to unravel
new rules on power plants to protect the
air that our kids breathing reduce
harmful carbon carbon emissions and and
i think what the way they approach
climate change is a good illustration of
the problems went $100.99 you are really
sick
you've got lots of high cholesterol what
would you do what would you say those 99
doctors are a crazy and part of a wild
eyed socialist plot to prevent you from
eating cheese or what you say you know
what about those doctors know what
they're talking about
gotta modify my download it made me
laugh but this that's essentially how
they're approaching this existential
threat to our future and the truth is a
majority of republican voters disagree
with their own party on this report
Washington Republicans are long on on
their own shrinking island so the point
is what number one we got a lot of
things to feel good about this country
and it's a shame when politicians spend
all their time trying to make people
feel bad or more typically try to make
them feel scared talking down the
country all the time because it serves
your politics we don't have time for
that we've got more work to do and
democrats are the one with the right
ideas to write plans to get the job done
we've got we've got we've got an
optimistic
got an optimistic vision about where
this country can go in if the politics
of obstruction and fear mongering are
set aside and if we start working
together as a country there's no problem
we can solve you heard from somewhere
outstanding candidates I'm gonna be
supporting whoever the nominee isn't and
I'm confident
what are you laughing about it got some
great candidate but when you watched the
debate between the democratic it was
logical and civil and people don't agree
with everything but they weren't just
saying crazy stuff and and and they
weren't dividing the country into us and
them and tapping into people's worst
impulses it made me proud because it it
said that we've got a part of its
inclusion and wants everybody to join
and get involved and showed but we can
disagree without being disagreeable as
democrats are economic plants would
actually grow the economy for everybody
not just for folks at the top we we
should not even be thinking about
something as ridiculous as shutting down
our government over Planned Parenthood
we should be talking about opening up
new opportunities
investing in our school rebuilding the
infrastructure that creates jobs
investing in the research that alleviate
hunger or cures cancer once and for all
Vice President Joe Biden said
spending time thinking about the
concrete challenges that families face
so we have family leave plans were
actually guarantee family-leave
plans to raise people's wages rather
than trying to suppress people's wages
are plans to make sure that women are
paid fairly for doing the same work
plan to make sure that women are paid
fairly for doing the same work or not
against a law that would make sure women
are paid fairly for doing the same work
as many as democrats are plans to combat
climate change actually recognize the
existence of climate change and it's not
just a matter of trying to solve a
problem
Albert danger it's we see opportunity
and jobs and moving to a clean energy
economy we want America to be out front
we embrace our responsibilities to leave
our kids with a safe prosperous
habitable planet as democrats are proud
that our plans to fix our broken
immigration system are not rooted in
anti immigrant
immigrant stories we understand that
America's greatness doesn't come from
building walls it comes from building up
opportunities now the good news is that
there's a broad consensus within our
party about what needs to happen and
what's also good news is the majority of
american people agree with us but
there's a danger coming up and it's
something that we're gonna have to
address and that is complacency and
cynicism and a lot of times it seems
like our politics don't reflect the
common sense and decency that we see in
our neighbors and our communities and
our friends and it gets frustrating
we've got a system that too often
rewards division and polarization and
short-term thinking and rewards people
for saying the most outrageous things
even though everyone knows they're not
true but we think of it as entertainment
somehow so attention-grabbing and
controversy is rewarded rather than
folks rolling up their sleeves and
dealing with sometimes really
complicated issues that don't lend
themselves to a Samba and so people get
cynical and sometimes folks just throw
up their hands and say washington
doesn't work a plague on both your
houses everybody's dysfunctional
your job is to not succumb to make your
job more important is to convince your
friends and your neighbors in your
communities to states not to succumb to
that we can't afford that we've got too
much work to do our system only works
when we realize the government is not
some alien thing government is not some
conspiracy or plot it's not something to
impress you
government sauce in a democracy
government is us the most important
office in democracy is the office of
citizen it's you and and business been
the promise of my politics since since
we got to know each other since I
started running I I always have to
remind people when I ran for office i
didnt say I got this go home
I don't say yes I can depend on me or
congress or the Democratic president
that we intend to elect next year alone
it depends on all of us it depends on
what we the people do together and
that's why I'm so glad to see these
young people here
this fancy ballroom and schmoozing and
listen to the president
this is easy
comment fancy ballroom and schmoozing
and listen to the president
we need we need you to go on organized
mobilize when you get a knock on doors
when you get to work on referendums on
the ballot initiative to work at the
local level and at the state level when
you get in for people of all people you
need to turn them out to vote we gotta
make sure that your friends across the
country know where their leader stand
and if they don't know then inform them
and make sure they're doing the right
thing and hold them accountable if
they're not doing the right thing we
gotta vote him out
and america is at its best
assume the best enough instead of the
bad one more run to try and recognize
our own struggles and fears and hopes
and other people and we see some kids
struggling to pay for college
we have to feel like that's our kids or
or I remember how how I had to struggle
when when when you see it hoping to
contribute that that's my parents or
grandparents great-grandparents
that african-american denied right to
vote you understand democracy is at
stake when that happens
10 workers denied a living wage or equal
paper her efforts that hurts everybody
their stories may not be exactly like
ours but when the same fight we care
about the same things we believe in each
other and that's what makes me proud to
be a democrat we are right on most
policy issues
arguments are the right ones but a dark
or what I am really proud of is the fact
that we believe in this country that
everybody has a fair shot that
everybody's gotta gotta be able to get
ahead that that we've got a
responsibility to uphold those highest
ideals to fight for everybody who have
the same chances that we have and lead a
country to our kids where no matter who
you are or what you look like or where
you come from or who you love you can
make it if you try that's what we stand
for as democrats that's that's what the
next year's election that's why I get
bit