those are the words of Senator Robert
Kennedy and also the words which I had
lived by my entire life my name is John
Carroll's I'm 23 years old and I'm a
graduate of the University of South
Florida global
nobody is junk is there soon if I'm
proud to be here to introduce a person
who has fought for the working class and
especially Hispanic families her entire
life
I think that the Secretary Clinton has
decided to run for president because she
and President Bill Clinton other reasons
why I'm a Democrat
i think is because of the memory I have
of the presidential election of 1996 I
was just a young boy then but I can
remember my parents watching the
election results there was a big map on
on the screen and the United States we
had blue states and red states and blue
states in red states and then the
announcement came through that president
clinton had been elected to a second
term in a great joy and great joy and
happiness come from my parents and it
surprised me because my parents were not
become you as citizens for many years
after that but their joy and happiness
in Encino president elected that they
could not vote for their happiness is a
result of the clinton policies that
created 26 million jobs that left the
massive surplus in the federal budget
that guided our country the longest
peacetime since the cold war because of
the achievements of the clinton white
house and because of the achievements of
then Senator Clinton I supported her in
2008 and I am aesthetic to support her
in her bid for the White House in 2016
and as much as I love President Bill
Clinton it's time to elect the woman to
the white house
more qualified than Hillary Rodham
Clinton Casablanca
monthly stopped by a lot I think yes my
friends we've made a lot of progress is
2008 creating millions of jobs
stabilizing the you s economy fighting
terrorism abroad and at home and
providing millions of Americans access
to affordable health care
but yet there is much work to be done so
now is not the time to give back the
keys to the white house through the
clouds show of extremist
know my friends now is the time for
strong and experienced leadership that
can only be given to us by Hillary
Rodham Clinton graduate I can tell you
colleges it really is a part of the
process of a teeny a college education
hillary clinton understands the struggle
everyday college students everyday
college graduates that's why support her
plan to help refinance college college
loans and find new ways to reinvest in
college educated in a college education
I also have under hillary clinton's
leadership we will finally have
comprehensive immigration reform in the
United States
millions of undocumented immigrants the
opportunity to citizenship and with the
fear of deportation of families I also
know that she will find common sense
solutions to the financial depression
that our brothers and sisters are facing
today and that that's why brings me
great delight in a great pleasure to
introduce to you the next president of
the United States
already appeared before you
star-spangled banner and people who
understand what's at stake in this
election this is my fourth trip to
Florida in the campaign
reason for coming is not just the
weather
ur it's because Florida is so much a
symbol of America diverse dynamic
optimistic you have everything in this
state from big cities just small towns
from high-rises to family farms and the
diversity of the people here in Florida
send such a strong message about the
importance of us always valuing the fact
we are a nation of immigrants and we
need to understand that and support it
now
like america florida is always changing
and certainly here in Central Florida
we've seen so many people come here for
the jobs for the opportunities
summer even started to call Central
Florida Puerto Rico's 79 municipality
well
I went to Puerto Rico in September
because I believe anyone who wants to be
president should give attention to
Puerto Rico and Jen remind our fellow
Americans Puerto Ricans are American
citizens
and it is one of the great ironies of
our law in our history that Porter
Ricans who are citizens in Puerto Rico
cannot vote for their president and
commander-in-chief but if you moved to
Central Florida because you're a citizen
you can vote and what we need to
recognize is that there's much we can do
if we are supporting our Puerto Rican
friends it's great but today there is a
national day of action for Porto Rico
happening on capitol hill we have to
find a long-term solution to the
economic and health care challenges
facing Porto Rico and everyone here with
ties to the island you have to help us
be part of the solution you're
engagement and support will really
matter BC I think we are all in this
together and I am proud to be running
for president to make our country and
our economy work for everyone not just
those at the top
Republican friends are not happy about
but I try to stay factual
to demonstrate john was saying our
economy does so much better when we have
a democrat in the white and you know
unemployment is lower incomes are higher
and you are four times more likely to
have a recession we have a Republican in
the White House now you don't have to go
back hundreds of years let's just go
back thirty five years we've had five
presidents three Republicans and two
Democrats I happen to know both of the
democrats and age of the democrats
inherited economic problems from their
republican predecessors in my husband's
case he inherited a recession and the
depth of our country had been quadrupled
in the prior twelve years I remember
bill telling me after the election said
it so much worse than they told us
and he was asked in the weeks after he
was elected to what is it you bring to
washington and he said well I guess
arithmetic we began adding and
subtracting multiplying and dividing and
after eight years we did end up with 23
million new jobs but most importantly
incomes rose for everybody not just
those at the top of the medal table and
more people are lifted out of poverty
than any time in our recent history and
we did end up with a balanced budget and
a surplus now one would think with that
record of success
the republicans might say to themselves
maybe we should build on that but that's
not what the next Republican president
decided to do as we well recall he began
to dismantle economic policy literally
brick by brick
off what was happening in the economy
cut taxes for the wealthy got out of the
way of corporations ignored the mortgage
market problems and you know where we
ended up in fact Florida you didn't just
lived through a great recession you had
a greater recession the whole was deeper
it took you longer to climb out now
republicans do want us to have a case of
collective amnesia it's very
inconvenient when we point out that
their trickle-down economic ideology
doesn't work and will not work in fact I
remember after the 2008 election
President elect Obama called asked me to
come see him I don't know why I went to
Chicago turned out he wanted me to be
secretary of state but before we got
that it's just he and I he says to me it
is so much worse than they told us I
said you know what I've heard that
before and this time it was even worse
the worst economic crisis since the
Great Depression I want you to remember
this because when you leave here today
and you talk to friends or neighbors or
colleagues and see what were you doing
there I want you to say well I'm
supporting the next president of the
United States because she's gonna get
the economy working
when president came into office we were
losing 800,000 jobs a month 9 million
Americans ended up losing their jobs
five million homes were lost a lot of
them right here in Florida thirteen
trillion dollars of family well homes
cars retirement savings college funds
wiped out I don't think President Obama
gets the credit he deserves for saving
us from falling into a great depression
that was done by the republicans people
are even got there again we've recovered
13 million jobs we've seen sixty eight
straight months of job growth
manufacturing coming back the auto
industry which was on the brink of total
collapse was saved it's coming back so
we're standing but we're not yet running
america should have been traveling
across our country and I've been doing a
lot of listening I've heard from
families about the stress of the bills
piling up of caring for an aging parent
a child suffering from substance abuse
or a loved one with mental illness about
how the cost of everything college and
prescription drugs and childcare are all
going up faster than wages and too many
young people as john said being crushed
by student debt and many of them unable
to start or finish college because of
the cost so we've got some work to do
now I'm not running for my husband's
third-term and I'm not running for
Barack Obama's third term I'm running
for my first term but we're gonna get to
work
create good-paying jobs in the future
where your wages rise not your texts
where it is easier to pay for child care
kids to college paper your prescription
drugs take care of your aging parents
those should not be luxuries you should
get the help you need to get those jobs
and to get that support so that you can
live the kind of American dream we all
believe in and I am working and fighting
for an America where everyone who works
hard has a ladder of opportunity again
you know
I was raised in the basic bargain of
America you should be able to I'm going
to do everything in my power as your
president to make that bargain real
again by providing more early childhood
education and preschool so every kid
gets a good start when they show up in
kindergarten and I do have a plan where
you go to a public college or university
you will not have to borrow a dime to
page and you will be able to refinance
your student how many people have
student debt look at those hands how
many ever had student debt I did tell
you why we have one point two trillion
dollars in student debt that is really
holding back so many people I've met
young people who can't get out on their
own can't afford to move out of their
parents home after they get their
college degree
get married because they can't afford it
we have got to get college affordable
again and get that debt down to save you
thousands of dollars as you vote for
we're fighting for an America that leads
with strength and smarts keeping our
people safe and defeating the terrorist
networks that threaten us and we lift
each other up again where we have each
other's backs because when families are
strong america is strong that means
keeping families together that means
giving them are real path to citizenship
it means an end to discrimination
against LGBT Americans women's health
and women's rights and standing up
law enforcement and the communities they
serve and it means helping Americans
struggling with addiction and end up in
recovery not in prison
3,000 Americans outline is supported by
92% of american and more importantly
eighty-three percent of gun owners
support that agenda because they want to
be responsible and not let guns fall
into the wrong hands now we are hearing
a lot of different things are away from
the republicans running for president
they seem more interested in seeing who
can say the most in offensive and
insulting comments you've heard what
they've said they have insulted latinos
women Muslims they determine to
absolutely and sought after a body
before this is over there
out tramping truck if you will
why I am so honored that Latino leaders
like Ricky Martin are standing with me
in this campaign
making the hallmarks of his campaign
when it called immigrants rapists and
drug dealers when he shouted down and
demanded Jorge Ramos stop doing his job
Ricky Martin clinton let it go by what
he stood up and he brought back he said
we have to fight for every right we have
today and demand respect well I am with
you rikki we're gonna ride had a man
with about how we're going to create
good-paying jobs and I'm just going to
keep talking and explain to you what it
is I'm gonna do
ok and I'm really glad to have
representatives from our construction
trade here today
men and women will america we're going
to create good jobs and rising wages by
once again investing in our
infrastructure I have laid out a five
year two hundred and seventy five
billion dollar plan and florida is the
gateway for trade with latin america
it's a huge market so let's rebuild and
invest in the infrastructure we have you
know just think about this we have so
many roads and bridges that are powered
hold and crumbling here in Orlando
commuters lose forty six hours a year
stuck in traffic you know this is not
just about good jobs for hardworking men
and women this is about time and money
we are wasting I hope that congress
finally passes a long-term highway bill
this week here in Florida your highways
have for the biggest traffic bottlenecks
in the country that should be fixed but
even if Congress won't do the right
thing I am prepared with my plan to
really began to do what we need to do we
have to expand our commitment to
building and maintaining our
infrastructure because it's a
competitive necessity
you know in this country we don't have
one of the top 20 airports in america in
fact the closest we get is cincinnati
has number thirty we also have to expand
new high-tech and for structure and that
means connecting everybody in america to
have access to high-speed internet right
now we don't have that
we know how to do this we did it with
electricity and we're gonna do it again
and don't forget all the infrastructure
under the ground water mains sewer
systems gas lines we've got to also
invest in bringing those up to speed as
well I have a comprehensive strategy to
upgrade our energy infrastructure to
expand solar and energy efficiency boast
an energy technology and especially here
in Florida we have to make this state
and our communities across America
resilient to climate change
you know look all of the republicans say
the same thing you know when they're
asked about climate change they say well
I don't know I'm not a scientist well my
answer to that is go talk to a scientist
and actually listen to a science
and a projection about Florida
demonstrates how vulnerable this state
is to climate change in fact down in
Miami we're already seeing streets that
flood at high tide on sunny days
drinking water wells around the state
are being inundated with salt water
becoming unusable and that's all without
a major hurricane hitting in recent
years so anybody who doesn't take
climate change seriously just needs to
be convinced that they have to get out
of the way because we're going to create
jobs create many many new businesses and
began to fight back against climate
change when I am president
and we can on the sidelines that's why I
want to create a new national
infrastructure bank I want to bring back
what are called Build America Bonds that
was a successful program that helps
cities and states borrow the money they
needed to invest in infrastructure at
lower costs and it did a lot of good
across america we have to use every tool
at our disposal and we're gonna make a
real difference together now it's sort
of sad to me because when I was a
senator we had no problem getting
Democrats and Republicans coming
together to invest and understand the
importance of infrastructure now we've
got Republican candidate for president
who want to slash what we spend by 80%
Ted Cruz has supported legislation to do
that and i really I really don't
understand it Marco Rubio followed right
along he wants to
funding and those people who say will
let the states do it do you really want
to put responsibility for funding
florida's infrastructure in the hands of
rick Scott
you know this but he said two billion
dollars back to washington that would
have been spent on infrastructure right
here in Florida tell that story guys let
people know that could have created
good-paying jobs and spurred economic
growth you have to wonder about governor
Scott's priorities florida is called the
sunshine state for a reason florida is
lagging behind in solar power and I hate
to tell you this
states like Massachusetts and New Jersey
are years ahead there's no reason that
should be true and on top of that
Governor Scott still refuses to expand
Medicaid there's no excuse for that
either I don't mean to be a little
parochial here but Arkansas expanded
Medicaid alabama's republican governors
talking seriously about expanding
Medicaid the incoming governor of
louisiana is making this a top priority
just sayin Florida it's not only the
right thing to do for people who deserve
to have their health care needs met
it's good for rural hospitals it's good
for doctors nurses and other healthcare
providers and we need to make sure that
we provide the support for the
Affordable Care Act we're gonna have to
improve it
yes that cost down get prescription drug
prices down
so you can see I can keep going but I
know you've been more than patient here
at what I want to ask you all is to join
my campaign you know florida is so
important we see that time and time
again
well number one i need your help in the
primary so don't just come tonight make
sure your registered to vote
make sure you do about on march the
first in fact I want you to join the
campaign right now and here's how you
can do it take out your phone I know you
all have phones and text join J 00 247
246 to get involved right now that's
join J 00 247 246 because even though my
name will be on the ballot this election
is really about you about finding the
solutions to the challenges we face
together getting back into
problem-solving where americans are
better at that than anybody else in the
world I gotta tell you what really gets
me up every day is my belief so soundly
in the promise of america my grandfather
was a factory worker he came to this
country as a young immigrant with his
family and he went to work in the
Scranton laced mills in Scranton
Pennsylvania and they work really hard
to support his family but also because
he believed in the promise of america
that his sons could get ahead and they
did every one of them went to college
and when my dad graduated in the middle
of the Great Depression in 1935 he
couldn't find a job so we hopped a
freight train these to do that in those
days and you got all the way to Chicago
and he found a job he was a salesman and
he went into the Navy where he was a
chief petty officer and then when he
came out he started a small business now
my mother had a very different life she
was abandoned and rejected by her own
family and sent to live with
grandparents who didn't wander over the
age of 40 she was out working as a
housemaid
and somebody else's home to support
herself so even though their lives were
very very different they both believed
that life would get better for them and
for their children in our country that's
what I want people to believe again I
want everybody to not only believe in
the promise of america but to work to
achieve it and when I look at my new
granddaughter obviously bill and I are
gonna do whatever we can to make sure
she had every opportunity in life but
I'll tell you that's not enough it
matters what kind of country she becomes
an adult in and what kind of world is
out there waiting for her and I want to
make sure that not just my granddaughter
but all the children and young people in
america have the same promise and
potential that I believed was there
waiting for me you shouldn't have to be
the grand daughter of a former president
should be able to fulfill your dreams
that America I want that to be true for
the granddaughter of factory workers in
the grandsons of truck drivers and every
single person and particularly every
child in America
in this campaign promise again