thank you all so much I am absolutely
delighted to be here some of you may
know I had a pretty long day yesterday I
finally got to answer questions
something I've been pushing for
literally a year and I am just grateful
I recovered my voice which I lost a
little bit but as I said at the start I
wanted to rise above partisanship and
reach for statesmanship and that is what
I tried to do and now I am delighted to
be here with all of you to be with the
WLF a group that actually focuses on the
issues you are women after my own heart
and I want to thank debbie Wasserman
Schultz Carol Penske Cynthia Friedman
body shop and all the triptych speakers
you heard from and we'll hear from
including my friend Leader Nancy Pelosi
wanna say a word about another great
democrat who has always been a champion
for women and families and all of us
vice-president Joe Biden has been in the
trenches for the Violence Against Women
Act and so much more and I'm confident
that history isn't finished with job I
said the other day there is more work to
do and if I know Joe he'll be right
there with us on the front lines and I
want to thank all of you for putting
women's voices women's ideas women's
lives right where they belong at the
heart of american politics you know it
is sometimes hard to believe but the
notion that women should be equal
partners in the life of our nation is
still pretty new that's why the women's
leadership forum was created to help
make that ideal a reality during the
1992 campaign tipper gore and I traveled
all over the country together and we
spent a lot of time in people's living
rooms in their backyards sitting around
kitchen tables talking with mothers and
daughters and grandmothers about their
lives and we heard so much we heard
about the dreams for the future that
people had for themselves and their kids
and we heard a lot about the struggles
that made life harder than it should be
the problems that kept women up at night
again and again we would hear you know
no one's ever asked us these things
before a lot of them it seemed like
Washington
just wasn't very interested in the
actual real lives of women in our
country so we decided we had to make
sure that in this party our party would
always be heard that in this party our
party the problems that keep women and
their families up at night
always be front and center and we wanted
to bring more women into the electoral
process as voters an advocate organizers
fundraisers candidate and elected
officials because we know women are half
the country indeed likely more the
planet and more than half the democratic
party so we want to make sure that women
and families are better represented in
politics we need to get more of us
involved in politics as we like to say
when women lead families succeed and now
twenty-two years later here in our
country than ever before we are voting
in greater numbers increasingly we are
the decisive voters in national election
more women are serving at high levels of
government they are not one not two but
three women on the Supreme Court
the number of women who have served in
the Senate and the House of course
another presidential election season has
begun I'm doing everything I can to make
sure that the issues that matter most to
women and families are front and center
in this race I started by campaign last
spring
doing the same thing that I did all
those years ago when I ran the senate
traveling across the country visiting
people's homes and schools and
businesses and actually listening as
they told me about their lives in the
bad hard it was an amazing and humbling
experience you find the time and space
to give people a chance to talk to you
talking about them in their hearts many
families do feel for them credit as they
should
to President Obama and his
administration and I
leadership and the hard work of the
american people polled our economy and
our nation back from the brink in fact
we could have had a great depression
Great Recession so as I travel across
the country I try to tell the story of
what President Obama inherited the worst
financial crisis since the Great
Depression america is standing again
we're not running should be and families
are still fresh in a million different
directions and so are their budget
rising but most people's paychecks
haven't in years of corporate profits
and CEO pay quality child care for
college tuition in many states and the
minimum wage is a power millions of
Americans are held back by student debt
and at a time when more women than ever
right there
family's main breadwinners too often
they still don't get equal pay and women
of color
earn less than others right and just
this week the Department of Labor
released new data showing that as our
economy gets stronger men's page is
going up more than twice as fast as
women's pay one of my town halls and
Nevada called a little girl who was
sitting with her father
you never know what kids are gonna ask
you which is why I try to call on at
least one there in my town hall and she
said if you are a girl president will
you be paid as much as a boy
think so
but I think of the single mom I met
who's juggling a job and classes at a
community college while raising her
three kids on her oh she's doing what
she has to to give our children a better
life and she doesn't expect anything to
come easy but she asked me this is there
anything we can do so it doesn't have to
be quite so hard I think of the student
who told me that paying for college
shouldn't be the hardest thing about
going to college where the man I met
whose mother has Alzheimer's is a
teacher can afford a full-time caretaker
for her can't quit his job he wouldn't
be able to support her you know what he
does she brings her to work with him
there's nothing else you can think of to
do and he told me this with so much
sadness this is not what he picture his
mother's golden years and it's not just
women taking care of aging parents it is
like this young man
22 yrs deserve a lot more and the same
goes for other policies like paid family
leave their and predictable ships higher
wages so you don't have to work two jobs
to make ends meet and you can actually
be home with your kids at night and
these are not just challenges for women
their challenges for all americans
because I firmly believe when we fight
for women fighting for our entire
country and the reverse is true as well
when we fight to make america stronger
and more prosperous we are also fighting
we fight to make college more affordable
and student debt less punishing or to
hold corporations accountable when they
gather just on drug prices prices are
exploiting workers that's fighting for
women and men and fighting for america
and when we fight to create a pathway to
citizenship for millions of immigrants
or to make social security even stronger
or to protect and improve the Affordable
Care Act because everyone deserves
access to quality affordable care
access should include basics like
reproductive care including birth
control cancer screening that's why we
have to defend Planned Parenthood
against attacks that are being way we
fight to protect equal rights of all our
people no matter what they look like and
when we need to stop the epidemic of gun
violence is claiming lives every day and
every country
that's fighting for women and men and
fighting for america
you know I've been told to stop shouting
about gun though first of all I'm not
joking
just when women talk some people think
I will not be silenced because we will
not be silenced not by the gun lobby now
by the size of this challenge by any of
it
stopping gun violence is worth fighting
for and I'm ready to go and I
are new to me and I know they aren't new
to many of you but we do have our work
cut out for us because there are so many
people with a very different visions for
our country and they will say do and
spend whatever it takes to advance
they're out of touch out of date agenda
for people who say they hate big
government Republicans sure spend a lot
of time trying to restrict women's
reproductive health and reproductive
rights my experience yesterday I just
amazed that they are even talking about
setting up another special investigative
committee this time to investigate
Planned Parenthood and I think we all
know by now that's just code for a
partisan witch hunt
haven't we seen enough of that I'd like
those republican candidates who are
advocating against Planned Parenthood to
meet the mom who called her cancer early
thanks to a screening at Planned
Parenthood young woman who avoided an
unintended pregnancy because she did
have access to birth control now I know
that when I talk like this republicans
will say I'm playing the gender card you
know what is what I say if calling for
equal pay and paid leave and women's
health is playing the gender card deal
there's there's a long campaign still
ahead of us and other candidates from
the other party may be out there
hurling insults at everyone and talking
about what's wrong with america pointing
fingers to try to blame people for it
well that's not me I'm going to keep
doing what I have always done and that's
fight for you and fight for your
families and I am so great
hundreds of thousands of grassroots
activists who are joining me in this
campaign not only those fortunate enough
like us to be in rooms like this one but
the workers and students and teachers
parents and grandparents all across our
country we're giving $1 or $5 at a time
because they too believe in what we are
fighting for so we've come a long way
the past 22 years I'm really proud of
this organization and all that it has
achieved the women's leadership forum
has changed the Democratic Party
changed it for the better or stronger
than we've ever been so let's keep
fighting for that better future for our
children and our grandchildren now some
of you I'm sure no I have the most
amazing extraordinary granddaughter she
really does keep me going and thankfully
my daughter and wonderful son in law's
send me a little videos pictures have
been a great boost along the campaign
trail I think a lot about her future I
think about what kind of opportunity
should have but I also think about what
kind of opportunities all the children
of america will have what kind of
country will she become an adult in kind
of world will be waiting for her because
I don't think it's not enough for
anybody
my granddaughter your children and
grandchildren certainly the
granddaughter by former president should
be able to pursue her dreams so many of
our other children in this country are
feeling left behind and left out the
first time in American history so far as
I know more than half of the kids in our
public schools are eligible for free or
reduced price lunches poverty has
returned with a vengeance made a lot of
progress against poverty lifting
families out of poverty
back in the nineties I think it's
verifiable fact that our economy does
better we have a Democrat in the White
House
my husband and President Obama inherited
economic challenges from their
republican predecessors worked hard with
my husband was dealing with an economy
that wasn't growing fast enough but then
took off 23 million new jobs and incomes
rising at every part of our economy top
middle and low income we're doing better
handed over a balanced budget into
surplus to the incoming republican
administration and they squandered it
all cut taxes dramatically on the
wealthy basically got out of the way of
corporations to financial markets didn't
pay a penny for the wars that they waged
you know what happened and it took
another democratic president here from
later today
comment
the responsibility which he did try to
repair the damage that had been done
everything I've talked about before all
of our rights
hopes will be at risk the republicans
once again are successful in making the
same argument they always me discredited
it doesn't work but that doesn't stop
talking about cutting taxes on the
wealthy to the way of corporations you
know what that leads to increasing
inequality of workers pollution of our
environment of climate change
refusal to move into the twenty first
century clean renewable energy failure
to provide early childhood education and
universal prekindergarten so every kid
has a chance to get ahead you can listen
to their debates for hours and
unfortunately some of us have to
a single solution to any of the problems
we're facing here at home or around the
world to my campaign is really an effort
to try to build an America where
everyone women and men can rise as far
as their talent and hard work take them
where everyone everyone has a shot and
achieving their dreams and living up to
their potential and yes my father and
say to his daughter you can be anything
you wanna be even President of the
United States
understanding is correct
means no my way or the highway stuff it
means we have to learn how to get along
together and they've given take with it
what I was saying about them and I
purposely said that because I knew
you know what happened so we understand
people in Nazi Germany did not believe
and what Hitler was doing but no they
kept their mouths and when you do that
you are compromising your freedom and
the freedom of people who come behind
you you have to be willing to stand up
for what you believe the election in
Germany he won the election there were
just so you know the White Rose Society
there were a lot of folks now they might
not have been enough to stand up for
what they believe
a surgeon I'm very impressed with that
separated siamese twins scientists in
yet I was reading that you don't believe
in evolution again away before you go
any further when I want to say is I
wanted don't take this wrong missus cars
and I'm not as a date but how do you
feel about taking a trip to the museum
of natural history with me we could do
like a little walk through and have a
discussion about I can have a very in
depth discussion which had discussions
with nobel laureates and they have to
admit that you know the fact that they
just dug up some 100 years yeah first of
all evolution micro evolution vs macro
evolution are two different things for
us right now we don't have the time of
this conversation just going to talk
about natural selection evolution and I
believe yes organisms have an ability to
adapt to their environment and they have
the ability to change now the evolution
is say that is proof positive of
evolution myspace proof positive of an
intelligent creator who gave His
creatures the ability to adapt to their
environment so that they don't have to
start over
and when can you believe involved and I
have said people are allowed to some
people believe that something came from
nothing and then they believe that it
exploded and we had a perfectly
organized I don't believe that I don't
denigrate people coming from out askew
right after that tragic shooting in
Oregon last week you said gun control is
not the answer and I know you're a big
advocate for mental how but this morning
you said that you'd be very comfortable
of kindergarten teachers had guns in the
classroom when you think that's a good
idea
are trained and understand all the
implications and you obviously I'm not
just gonna have a weapon sitting on the
kindergarten teachers desk and I know it
would be secured in a place where kids
could hike at 2:45 an ar-15 how fast can
a teacher go to the lock draw and get
their gun
I was trained in diversionary tactics
and whatever needs to be done in order
to get there and I want to other people
and that's cool also know that if you
wanna go by what you would do with
hurricane Joaquin and you know you said
you didn't know and actually look at
your press secretaries face was
priceless
her but my favorite reaction but do you
have an answer now question because I
hope you saw that press conference we
were talking about something completely
different
on the way out to the bus and someone
brings up a new subject I said I don't
know but she prepared for her son like
we have some things and clearly we have
a whole series of things and places for
hurricanes and quite frankly if you if
you're at the point where the president
has to enact the things you have not
done your homework that should be
already in place and ready to go for him
and i want to talk about your book my
first clicking is one thing I do like
about you is your tax idea what you pay
the same tax flat tax and the IRA hi5
cool beans for you but let's talk about
your book the new perfect union trust
placed well everybody knows that we have
a constitution but not many people know
and it's very important because the
founders of this nation said that our
freedoms and our system is based upon a
well informed and educated populace
then it becomes very easy to fool people
for instance you perfect example if
you're not well educated come along and
say you know what the economy is great
unemployment is down the 5.1 percent
which is essentially full employment in
great shape but if you are well educated
and informed you know that you can make
that number is based on who you are and
that the labor force participation rate
which is the number of people eligible
to work or actually working thirty
seven-year low and we know we have
problems and we need to fix them and
these are not democrat or republican
problems are problems that affect their
house society and we have to stop making
everything into a democrat or republican
issue
she said she did not want you to run for
president until she became a grandmother
you are now a grandmother of two why did
you not want him to run for president
you know we've been married forty years
back to the the two granddaughters one
of them was born on Leap Day 2012 so you
know she didn't even have a birthday
this should be a party to turn to next
month when you look and you think about
the debt that our country has weird 18
and I have to Leah which to pay it off
if you were to pay off at a rate of 10
million dollars every day 365 days a
year it would take you five thousand
years that's how bad it with the first
generation to make it worse for the next
generation when I look at myself a
superb you can't do that to them when I
see other people's babies don't see my
own which is when I home but when I just
makes me more determined that whatever I
can do I'm gonna do
well we're gonna talk more when we come
the secret to a happy home really one of
the leaders in the polls and one of the
other quotes that we've gotten from the
research you sort of feel that there's
not actually a war on women but there
may be a war on what's inside of women
is that the babies babies over the place
and we should be understand my case I
spent my entire career trying to
preserve life and give people even
operating on babies in the womb
operating all night long sometimes on
premature babies and I get to meet those
people you know when they're adults and
productive adults there is no way you
can convince me that they're not
important that they're just the masses
Isles I just want to say I want to ask
you this have you met with the women who
have to make these horrendous decisions
when they have to make them of whether
or not they can bring a child into the
world we talked about bringing children
into the world all the time but
periodically some women feel I just
can't and are you sympathetic to them
because we just said is that this is a
job for us and the private sector what
we need to do is make sure that we
provide adequate day care so that they
can get their ged there socially
educated I'm talking about
let me tell you for a fact is a lot of
those young girls who are having babies
out of wedlock when they have their
first stop their education and that
child is four times as likely to grow up
in poverty we as a society have an
obligation to do what's necessary to
stop that cycle from his birth control
then to the republican party they should
be out there real real cloning Planned
Parenthood for supplying birth control
mammograms for the Republican Party SP
you against birth control no I'm not ok
so I guess you believe in daycare
centers food stamps and all the things
that because I get sick and tired of
people particularly aggressive or he
must have benefited from government
programs and that he wants to withdraw
all the programs that so many times you
have a bunch of crap and what I really
actually want to do is provide people
with a mechanism for coming out of a
state of dependency in climbing the
ladder becoming part of the family
but I think my question actually let
everybody else asked their questions
because the worst thing has happened in
this nation since slavery in over 90
million people have died because this
country that is up for and by the people
and government is supposed to be there
to facilitate life with this particular
active government comes along and says
don't kill two people think this is what
we're doing the kremlin if you don't
like the ship's seems to be the way of
the relationship between the people and
the government the people are supposed
to be at the pinnacle the government
works for us is not the other way around
ok that's very important we don't have
one last thing you said that you don't
necessarily relate to the republicans
and I don't really say you're a Democrat
either so why do you wanna feel this way
I don't speak for the very different
things you don't like to well I am NOT a
highly partisan person that issues that
affect us
financial collapse we don't change our
ways Republican or Democrat issues that
demand Carson
very good reaction to the ongoing few
well number one i really respect the
fact that jim is sticking up for his
brother I mean I would stick up for my
brothers also and he sticking up for his
brother and I understand that but this
all started when he said that we're safe
you know the country was safe well the
World Trade Center was just attacked it
fell down three thousand people were
killed thousands and thousands of people
were injured and to this day are injured
and it was the worst attack in history
so you can't say he kept our country
safe because he was president you know
it's true image said the buck stops here
so you as president and if you look at
my book which was written a couple of
years prior to the attack I actually
mention the name of Osama bin Laden that
he's a bad terrorist we have to do
something about it and when one of your
competitors heard about it today they
said whoa whoa this is amazing comeback
predicted it actually said in the book
that something would happen nobody talks
about it but I actually I have the quote
let me put it up on the screen this is
exactly what you wrote this was in a
book you published in 2005 the America
we deserve you said I am really
convinced that we're in danger of the
sort of terrorist attacks that will make
the bombing of the Trade Center look
like kids play with firecrackers no
sensible analysts rejects this
possibility and plenty of them like me
or not wondering if but when it will
happen in the book you also wrote quote
one day we're told that a shadowy figure
with no fixed address named Osama bin
Laden is public enemy number one and urs
jet fighters lay waste to his camp in
Afghanistan he escapes back under some
rocks and a few news cycle later it's on
to a new enemy a new crisis how could
you have stopped it I mean I know what's
happening Sean I know what's going on I
think I could have stopped it because I
have very tough illegal immigration
policies and people aren't coming into
this country unless they have that it
invested properly if you look at what
happened
george tenet who is the head of the CIA
personable the CIA
the FBI and everybody else they weren't
talking with each other because they
weren't getting along that's leadership
you have to get everybody to get along
second of all george tenet predicted and
attacked george tenet said there's going
to be an attack they should have done
something about it so I'm not blaming
anybody in this started very innocently
when I said you know to somebody frankly
that didn't really matter I said listen
the World Trade Center came down during
you know there's nothing safe when the
world trade center was attacked in came
down during his reign well that's not
safe because he said Jeb said our
country would say well that's not the
case and then if you want to go a little
further he then attacked the rack which
turned out not to be the right country
because they didn't have weapons of mass
destruction and by the way the
terrorists sent their family's home to
saudi arabia they didn't send him home
to iraq they sent him home to Saudi
Arabia which is another thing for people
to think about you know mr. Trump the
only disagreement I have as we knew that
Saddam had weapons of mass destruction
because we have the images of the kurds
that was slaughtered and little children
and women in the streets we knew there
was a chemical attack and the world
intelligence and fairness also thought
that I want to add another element to
this there's an unnoticed by the way but
they didn't find myself well I don't
know they never found him and frankly
probably use them against Iran which
really was beautiful I mean that they
use the weapons but the beauty of the
woods yet these two countries that were
equal in terms of strength and we
decapitated one of those countries and
now Iran has taken over Iraq and
everything else and I should just take
it lol and I ran is taking oil and
they're taking over the whole country so
yeah it's turned out to be really bad
with that being said I respect the fact
that jet is defending his brother I
think that's good I would do the same
thing but at one point I've always agree
with you on is that if we liberate
Kuwait and we liberate Iraq they need to
pay us for the liberation we need to
give money to the families that lost
brave american soldiers or are injured
now for the rest of their lives we don't
do that and i also think that would help
the ground Isis never would have
emerged he wanted to pull out for
political reasons I love the you bring
up Kuwait Kuwait had nothing but money
they get attacked by iraq they take over
kuwait the rich Arabs go and they move
into London as you know the kuwaiti they
moved into London they didn't take a
room like you would or maybe even I
would they took the entire hotel and
they live like kings and then we attack
we lose lives we spent billions of
dollars and we give it back two
countries are not likely not that they
don't even want to invest in and then I
told him I had them in my office a few
months after that they don't like
investing in the United States ok we
gave them the country back but nothing
we shoulda said we want fifty percent of
everything you make for the next 50
years or permanently and you know what
they would have agreed to it we gave it
back for nothing why did we do that
we're stupid country that's the answer
we negotiate better deals I agree with
you let me play people want to add
another element to this whole how come
america wasn't prepared to drop 911 in a
little-known speech on Long Island that
bill clinton gave in February 2000 and
to the audio audio is a little sketchy
but I want to pay close attention where
he said well he you know he we knew we
wanted to commit crimes against America
but I had no legal basis to take him and
I think he missed the opportunity you
would publish two years earlier what a
bad guy bin Laden was listen to clinton
admit that he could have gotten him but
he failed to take action was into this
keywords are he committed no crimes
against Americans who I didn't bring him
here because we had no basis on which to
hold him even though we knew he wanted
to commit crimes against America and
here's the point in 2000 you identified
him as a citizen a private citizen and
bill clinton knew we wanted to commit
crimes against America had the
opportunity to get him and didn't take
him doesn't he bear that responsibility
well he made a mistake but I will tell
you that if I were there I would have
taken him out now I wrote about in my
book and when they talk when I talk
about the world trade center that was
the first attack which was compared to
what happened ultimately
a minor but I talked about Osama bin
Laden my book and people can't believe
it they just starting to read that book
was the only political book I had ever
done and people just starting to read
that book and they can't believe that I
mention the name Osama bin Laden
remember and treat you at a crawl under
Iraq but we have to get him at clinton
made a mistake and frankly bushes have
taken about somebody should have taken
but I think I think my immigration
policies would have gone a long way to
helping us also show I think the
immigration policy we're now facing a
crisis you see what's happening in
Europe there's a huge backlash because
of Syrian refugees and Iraqi refugees
and and the cost we're being told by our
national intelligence director that I
sis n al-qaida not if they will
infiltrate the refugee camp community
this president is committed to nearly
250,000 coming to america that tells me
where we have a pre 911 my mindset again
your thoughts I was always a big fan of
Merkel's from Germany I'm not offended
him or what she's doing is insane and we
want to take in two hundred thousand and
we don't know where they come from
they have no papers all we know is the
young and they're strong and mostly men
and this could be the greatest Trojan
horse ever this could be bigger than the
original progenitors we shouldn't be
taken anybody we have enough problems we
have to rebuild our country our
infrastructure we all 19 trillion
dollars and by the way taken in two
hundred thousand is going to cost the
suggested a study over a period of 10
years gonna cost us billions of dollars
what are we doing Merkel made a
tremendous mistake they could end up
having a revolution in germany you see
what's happening with the German now
what we should do at the same time from
the Humane sandpoint take a big chunk of
Syria and let's all put some money into
it we have to Kazan humane basis and
build a safe zone what's called the safe
zone let the people but to allow them
into germany and to allow them into
these other countries where there's
nothing but haha rochelle you see what's
happening and that we're gonna take in
two hundred thousand people in this
country we don't know what we're doing
and I i suggested the same thing make it
a secure zone offer humanitarian
assistance often offer food water
medicine supplies and keep them on in
Syria to close the circle on the feud
with jet jet jet wins the nomination
will you support absolutely yes I would
absolutely supportive he's a good person
he's a good man I would support him
okay stay right there will have more
coming up with donald trump the
republicans poll which had you at 41%
51% of if you look at those at least I
know you talked a lot about the polls
but they have been steady they have been
consistent and now byron york has a
piece oh and there's another piece this
week that says finally the establishment
believes you can win
and byron york outlines how the
establishment prayer prepares to go
after you is not being a conservative
are you ready to deal with that and what
will you do look i I have meetings in
new hampshire we have thousands and
thousands of people six seven eight
thousand people every time I went to
Dallas we had twenty thousand and Mark
Cuban's arena was an amazing evening and
Alabama at 35,000 Oklahoma 20,000 every
place we go in iowa we have thousands
and thousands overflow crowds people are
tired of being ripped off in our country
will run by people that are incompetent
they don't know what they're doing every
nation is beating us Obamacare is a
disaster are a Randall is horrible it
was written by it was done by people
that don't know what they're doing i
mean they don't know what they're doing
and people see what's happening and look
they know I do things properly I do the
right thing and they just like what I'm
saying the establishment now thinks you
can win and what they're planning and
what that telegraphing their planning is
a barrages of ads in early states huge
buys millions and millions of dollars
trying to chip away at your conservative
credentials with with primary voters
what do you think is the best way to
respond to that but they're not buying
the candidate John buying the edge the
people that are buying the edge of the
special interests the donors the people
that a lobbyist you know you have
lobbyists I don't have to lobbyists I
used to contribute to the lobby
who knows more about a lobbyist let me
know the good ones and bad ones but the
lobbyists are going crazy because when
they come to me say they want me to do
something for all these companies even
though it's not in the best interest of
the united states I'm not gonna do it
when the special-interest tell me to do
something that adverse to the people of
the united states I'm not gonna do it
because I'm not with you and your own
money back
fight back at the fight back but I
wouldn't be leading every pop but John
you have to understand these people have
hundreds of millions of dollars that
they've given to these politicians and
the politicians are puppets for them
they just puppets with me i'm going to
do what's right for the country we have
19 trillion dollars in debt we're gonna
get the debt paid we gonna do things
right we're not gonna let China rip us
off anymore it's good it's enough
already you know that last year we had
an imbalance with China of four hundred
and fifty billion dollars who can who
can stand that you can't do that and
this has gone on for years and years and
nobody does anything because they have
lobbyists they have special interest and
I'm gonna represent the people we're
gonna make this country so great and so
strong but with that a lot of money is
going to be spent and I just hope when
people are watching this phonies edge
you know all of these phony edged gonna
be put out that they can understand it's
not the candidate it's all of these
special-interest John that wanted not
have a guy like Trump because they're
gonna be out of business but then this
is the art of political war for them and
I think they're serious about it because
they're talking about their power going
away
of the three Democrats looks like
biden's getting in the race so the three
Democrats Biden Hillary Bernie Sanders
if you win the nomination is there
anyone you prefer going up against well
I don't think sanders is gonna get there
frankly and I don't mind going against
hillary's record I think I'd be there
you saw the the various polls and myself
against Hillary I just beat her in
Florida PO came out today where it beat
her pretty easily in Florida I beat her
nationwide I don't mind going against
her and you know Biden is right now he's
got his little period of time where he's
popular soon as he gets in
he'll get beaten up
badly he's done this three or four times
he's lost every time so I don't mind
going against him at all i don't i don't
wanna pick a favorite to be honest I
think I might have a favorite but if you
go by hillary's record should win very
easily have you given any thought if you
win the nomination three people that you
would consider to be your vice president
I have given thought but I don't want to
discuss it is just too early I have to
get their first I don't like talking
about it yet so many people they don't
win they don't know how to win I don't
want to talk about anything I do know
how to win but that's so far down the
road I will say I do respect some of the
people that are running against and I
respect many of the people you have many
good republicans out there that could
really help and be terrific and whether
to unify the republican party we're
going to unify it and make it strong and
we're gonna win we're not gonna do what
Romney did last time we should've won an
election in the loss to unify the
republican party and we're gonna win I
heard you're supposed to be on Jimmy
Kimmel tonight did something happen now
I have a political event but I'm gonna
do his show in two weeks I have a big
political event which I can't skip and I
told him I said you know I have this
event I can't skip it but I will be
doing it in two weeks when I'm out in
Los Angeles
you know there was an article that came
out about hillary's yes he's big
hearings coming up about Benghazi we
know that ambassador Stevens requested
security before it was denied
we know that during the attack that was
a stand-down order given because I
interviewed people that were there they
told me personally and we know they made
up the story about a YouTube video in a
spontaneous demonstration we learned
that about her what do you think about
the hearings and there was another
article that came out earlier today in
Washington free beacon the cheap aged
men sixteen thousand dollars more a year
than women
what's your reaction of those two things
with her well I have to tell you I was
really looking forward to the hearings
but then you add a congressman
Republican go against trey Gowdy and all
of the people as you know and then you
had a whistleblower come out so that
hurt that was not exactly positive and
then yesterday I watched Dr Who I do
respect I think he's a terrific guy but
he seemed to be doing a big pivot he
said well this isn't about hillary
Clinton
I'm pretty good at figuring this stuff
out and he seemed to be doing Sean I'm
surely I'm sure you saw it he seemed to
be doing a big give it away from Hillary
Clinton and I was trying to figure out
what that was all about you may not be
as happy as you think with these
hearings I just don't know the hearings
I was looking forward to him but with
all that's happening and I was surprised
that he pivoted away so much from Miller
he said these hearings are not about her
actually we want to discuss other people
much more so and it sounded like he was
sort of pulling away from going after
her so I'm gonna have to see what the
hearings are all about the truck
will resign as the election of my
successor I will also resign as their
representative from ohio's eighth
District at the end of this month I live
with no regrets the burdens of anything
I leave the way I started just a regular
guy humbled by the chance to do a big
drop that's what I'm most proud of
I'm still just me the same guy who came
here twenty years ago the small
businessman and spent 25 years trying to
just be me but sometimes my staff
thought I was too much like me but it
really is a regular guy that came here
to try to do a good job for my district
my country before I go I express honors
been to serve with all of you and the
people's house is in my view of the
great and bottom embodiment of the
American Dream everybody here come from
somewhere
everybody here is uncertain mission you
know I come from a part of the world
where were used to working far back as I
can remember I was working my dad was
asked me the other day on the job when
was the last time you didn't have a job
I thought about why it would be eight or
nine years old because that was thrown
newspapers back then and working on my
dad far better fact I used to work from
5 a.m. on Saturday morning until 2 p.m.
for $2 $2 an hour
$2
I never thought about growing up is the
easy way or the hard way of the
Cincinnati way and you know our city
takes its name from a great Roman
general sense an ABS a farmer who
answered the call of his nation to lead
and then surrendered his power to go
back to his place for me it was an
informant was a small business and it
wasn't so much a calling as a commission
to strive for a smaller less costly and
more accountable federal government in
Washington how we do hear from facts for
the first time in nearly twenty years
we've made some real entitlement reforms
a saving trillions of dollars over the
long term
reproductive 99% the American people
from an increase in our testers run
track to save taxpayers 2.1 trillion
dollars over the next ten years the most
significant spending reductions in
modern times we've been to your marks
altogether
sorry
rejected this institution we've made a
more open to the people in every day and
its capital city there are hundreds of
kids from the toughest neighborhoods
we're finally getting the chance at a
decent education
things but the mission is not complete
but the truth is it may never be one
thing I came to realize over the two
years and I've been here is that this
battle over the size and scope and cost
of government in washington has been
going on for more than two hundred years
and the forces of the status quo
flood trouble to prevent change from
happening real change takes time
yes freedom makes all things possible
but patience is what makes all things
real
believe in the law slow struggle believe
in this country's ability to meet our
challenges in to lead the world and
remember you can't do a big job alone
especially this one so I'm grateful my
family did in my dream girl of my dreams
were 34 office now they're allowed over
so they've been through a lot you will
know what your families go through it's
one thing for us to take the the brakes
on the boards and everything gets thrown
at us but it's nothing for families they
were thin skin as inspectors are
grateful to all my colleagues my fellow
leaders McCarthy mister schoolies has
been more sliders and many on my side of
the aisle our committee jurors people
I've worked with them for a long time
but I'm just grateful miss pelosi mister
moyer clyburn others for the work that
we've done together these last five
years we've done an awful lot of work
together probably more work done across
the aisle over the last five years than
in the 25 years and I've served in this
institution as much as I enjoy working
with some of you learned address better
ur
you know who you are
corporates the usual suspects that shows
up here once in awhile that I but this
morning he didn't but just very well but
he did have a tone I'm grateful grateful
to the people who work in this
institution everyday and whether it's
the reading clerks here
allow us to do our jobs and help make
this institution what it is and whether
it's the people you see here today with
the people and the CEO's office with a
capital police allege Council there
really are thousands of people really do
allow us to do our job
grateful to my staff now you all know
I'm a big believer in none of us can be
but we are without the good stuff I
certainly would never have gotten to
this job without having built a great
team so I really am grateful to my staff
as they like to say to each other once
you're part of a girl and you're always
part of the internal and that certainly
goes for me as well especially grateful
to all my constituents in the volunteers
over the years that includes a student
at Miami University in Oxford Ohio in
1991 up campaign signs for me James Paul
Ryan I don't anything you could
pronounce my name back in 1990 was
putting things up for me but a sense now
is understood there's a difference
between being asked to do something and
being called to do something is being
called I know Grayson with energy and I
would wish him and his family all the
best
described my life as the chase for the
american dream at the bottom of the hill
just off the main drag and really know
how rates outside Cincinnati job was a
small house with a big grin as shining
city on the hill had twists turns and
even a few cheers of the role of that it
was just perfect
never forget where those people on the
earth in America you can do anything
that you're willing to work for willing
to work hard out and things anything can
happen if you're willing to make the
necessary sacrifices in life if you're
falter and you will you can just pick
yourself up dust yourself off and go do
it again because hope springs eternal
and if you just do the right things for
the right reasons
good things will happen in this too
could really happen to you god bless you
and God bless