{\rtf1 \mac \ansicpg10000 \nisusversion40002 \deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 \froman \fcharset77 Times-Roman{\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl ;}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}{ ;}}\nisusrevtypes0 \donotshowinsdel1 {\*\nisustoctable {\nisustoc \tcf68 {\nisustocname Default TOC}{\*\nisustoctabrep  }{\*\nisustocretrep  }{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 1}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 2}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 3}
{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 4}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 5}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 6}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 7}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 8}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 9}}\nisusactivetoc68 }
{\*\nisusxetable {\nisusxe \xef68 {\nisusxename Default Index}{\nisusxeheaderstyle Index Heading}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 1}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 2}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 3}
{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 4}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 5}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 6}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 7}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 8}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 9}{\*\fldinst INDEX \\k ". " \\g \endash  \\e "\tab " \\l ", " \\f D}}
\nisusactivexe68 }{\stylesheet {\s1634 \snext1634 \sbasedon1635 \f0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Header;}
{\s1635 \snext1635 \f0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Normal;}{\s1636 \snext1636 \sbasedon1635 \f0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Footer;}}
\defformat {\info {\*\nisusgmtoffset -5:00}{\author  }{\creatim \yr2016 \mo2 \dy13 \hr1 \min23 }{\revtim \yr2016 \mo2 \dy16 \hr13 \min4 }}{\*\userprops }\viewkind1 \viewscale100 \nisusviewruler1 
\nisusviewrulerh1 \nisusviewrulerv0 \nisusviewtoolbar1 \nisusviewtooldrawer1 \nisusviewpagenumtype1 \nisusviewrulericons0 {\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind4 \viewscale125 {\nisuscommentsettings {\*\showPane 1}
{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}}{\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind1 \viewscale100 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\mode toc}{\*\closedtochandles }
{\*\visible 0}}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}}{\*\nisuswindow \x0 \y4 \w1256 \h873 }
\nisusrulerunits0 \nshwinv0 \nshwpg1 \nisusinlinespell1 \hyphauto0 \hyphhotz9360 \nisusselectstart3245 \nisusselectlength0 \fet2 \ftnbj \paperw12240 \paperh15840 \margl1440 \margr1440 \margt1440 \margb1440 \gutter0 \pgnstart1 \nocolbal \widowctrl \f0 \sectd \endnhere \linemod0 \cols1 \ltrsect \colbalsxn0 \pgwsxn12240 \pghsxn15840 \marglsxn1440 \margrsxn1440 \margtsxn1440 \margbsxn1440 \guttersxn0 \headery720 \footery360 \pgncont \pgndec \sxnstarts1 \sxnrestart \sxndec {\header \plain \pard \s1634 \f0 }
{\footer \plain \pard \s1636 \f0 }\deftab720 {\pard \nisusnos \nowidctlpar \sl320 \slmult0 {\fs26 1. Hillary Clinton FULL SPEECH 10/16/15 Town Hall Keene State College NH LIVE\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJo5XIG3LbA\par
\par
\par
2. Hllary Clinton NH Primary Concession FULL SPEECH New Hampshire Feb. 9, 2016\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmvfDE5a8Vg\par
\par
\par
3. Hillary Clinton Iowa Caucus Victory Speech [FULL] Feb. 1, 2016\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4J7bmSyQIso\par
\par
\par
4. Hillary Clinton 2016 | Hillary Clinton Major Economic Speech FULL 2016 Presidential Campaign\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--sJReNrcg8\par
\par
\par
05. FULL Speech- Hillary Clinton strengthens support of Iran deal 09-09-15\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6HiEVyVzuY\par
\par
\par
06. Hillary Clinton Grassroots Campaign Event in Davie, Florida - FULL Speech  10.02.2015\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sjpnASnxZA\par
\par
\par
07. FULL SPEECH Hillary Clinton 2016 Iowa Rally Campaign June 14\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2nNjpVa7oQ\par
\par
\par
08 Hillary Clinton Full Speech in Montgomery invokes Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YDLD3zBVPI\par
\par
\par
09. Hillary Clinton Blasts Donald Trump Over Women's Issues Full Speech in New Hampshire 9-05-2015\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ItZESPtqR4\par
\par
\par
10. Hillary Clinton's Speech at the National Urban League Conference [FULL   HD]\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTfzmLFUx8I\par
\par
\par
11. Hillary Clinton Campaign Rally in Las Vegas - FULL Speech  10-14-2015\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gObzhwzRTbw\par
\par
\par
12. Hillary Clinton IOWA Full Speech - Hillary for women event - 09-14-2015\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8IVT8S3aG0\par
\par
\par
13. Hillary Clinton Full Speech at Jefferson Jackson Dinner - 10-24-2015\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07w0TMPsnh0\par
\par
\par
14. Full SPEECH - Hillary Clinton Speech on Counterterrorism and Foreign Policy\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmEhF-MsZiI\par
\par
\par
15. Hillary Clinton Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame Dinner FULL SPEECH\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TnSCVv941U\par
\par
\par
16. Hillary Clinton Virginia Campaign Rally Full Speech\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltTAfQgTUXs\par
\par
\par
17. Hillary Clinton Orlando FL Rally 12-2-15 FULL SPEECH\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzPhUFtRbOU\par
\par
\par
18. Hillary Clinton DNC Women's Leadership Forum FULL Speech. 'History Isn't Finished\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3lsmSsX5Vw\par
\par
\par
19. Hillary Clinton Outlines Economic Policies for 2016 Campaign FULL SPEECH\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKac9dGcid4\par
\par
\par
20. My Plan to Prevent the Next Crash\par
=\par
http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-10-08/hillary-clinton-s-plan-to-prevent-the-next-crash\par
(retrieved at 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
21. Building the \lquote Growth and Fairness Economy\rquote \par
=\par
http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2015/07/13/hillary-clinton-transcript-building-the-growth-and-fairness-economy/   (retrieved at 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
22.Hillary Clinton Lays Out Comprehensive Plan To Bolster Homeland Security\par
=\par
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/statements/2015/12/15/comprehensive-plan-to-bolster-homeland-security/ (retrieved at 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
23.Outlining Plan to Defeat ISIS and Global Terrorism, Clinton Says U.S. Must Choose Resolve Over Fear\par
=\par
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/statements/2015/11/19/outlining-plan-to-defeat-isis-and-global-terrorism-clinton-says-u-s-must-choose-resolve-over-fear/ (retrieved at 02/16/2016)\par
\nisusselectcaret \par }}}