the brady bill has kept two million guns
from being sold into the wrong hands
because of that background check despite
its loopholes prohibited purchasers
because they were felons fugitives
doctors domestic abusers people with
serious mental illness have been stopped
from buying a gun so as bad as the gun
carnage is I like to think that at least
2 million prohibited purchasers weren't
part of that I also think it's
critically important to close those
loopholes to close the gun show loophole
and the online loophole you know back
win the brady bill was passed in ninety
for online purchases were not an issue
we now know they are so we have to go
for universal background checks and we
have to close those two loopholes and I
have said that if the congress doesn't
cooperate I would use executive action
to make sure that sellers are held
accountable
I also believe we should close what is
now being called the Charleston loophole
under the background checks if someone
applies to buy a gun
seller has three days though sellers
that are covered to conduct a background
check and if it is not completed by the
end of three days the purchaser
purchaser gets to buy the gun anyway the
reason it's called the Charleston
loophole is that the killer of those
nine people at Bible study mother
Emmanuel Church in Charleston got his
gun not because he was eligible because
in fact
it was learned shortly after he was not
eligible he had a felony record but
because of this loophole he was able to
go back at the end of three days and by
the gun he used to kill those nine
innocent people and then finally we have
to repeal the broad immunity that has
been given to gun manufacturers and
sellers in america and any
responsibility for their sale of guns
and ammunition for their manufacture of
either just recently there was some
small glimmer of hope when a jury in
Wisconsin found a seller of guns liable
because of a straw purchase which the
seller clearly knew to be a straw
purchase a straw purchases are not
eligible you're a felon you got a
domestic abuse order against you you've
been committed
remember the shooter at Virginia Tech
had been committed for outpatient
treatment for mental health still got a
gun but in this particular case in
Wisconsin the prohibited purchasers sent
somebody else in with a clean record to
buy the gun there's video and other
evidence that the seller new the gun was
for somebody else told anyway
to the seller buys it turns it over to
the real purchaser who goes out and
shoots two police officers injuring both
seriously and so when the police
officers sued the gun seller the jury
heard the evidence and came in with a
verdict in favor of the police officers
now we're going to see whether or not
that verdict stands up under this broad
immunity that has been given to the gun
industry there's really no other
industry in america that has this kind
of blanket permission to be reckless to
be negligent to sell defective products
even it's just outrageous and we have to
repeal that so that those who
manufacture guns and sell them are held
to some standard of accountability so
I'm going to do everything I can in this
campaign to not only talk about this
issue and to give the platform to people
like who can be much more eloquent than
I ever can about why this is an
important issue but I'm also appealing
to responsible gun owners organized an
alternative to the NRA which is nothing
but a lobby for the most absolutist
positions that the gun manufacturers and
sellers demand we have so many
responsible gun owners I'm not against
guns my dad taught me to shoot when I
was a little girl I've even gone duck
hunting in arkansas standing in the cold
water at sunrise
once was enough getting up that early to
stand in a cold water I could tell you
that much but this is not about
kind of scare tactics that you will hear
from the NRA you know this is what they
do they just scare responsible folks
into thinking that you know the black
helicopters going to land in the front
yard and somebody's gonna show up and
take your guns that is nonsense and it
needs to be called out for what it is
but the fight against the NRA
organization of gun owners I'm
collecting names of people who are
stepping up and writing you know about
their feelings as people enjoy hunting
enjoyed target shooting enjoy collecting
but who are sick and tired of the
violence people who are killed and
injured so I am very grateful to my good
friend your senator Molly Kelly and I am
very grateful to clay for sharing what
is a very painful personal story to try
to save lives and I really look forward
to working with a ground swell of people
across our country who know we can do
better than this we are better than this
so with that let me throw this open to
questions on whatever issues or concerns
you might have we have some microphones
I think so if people raise your hands
will try to get to as many of you as
possible I can see there's already a lot
of hands up here let's see the woman in
the back that's really close to the
microphone right there have a question
about the NSA so we have Edwards noted
we have trade run went into the spectrum
and we have patriot on the other end of
the spectrum and I'm wondering where you
stand in that and why you stand that way
and to let you know that I consider him
very close to a patriot I think that the
information that he released
noting that the american people needed
to know to have and how publicized so
that's my question to you let me say
this I firmly believe that he could have
gone public and released the information
about the collection of information on
americans under whistleblower protection
and he could have done it within the
tradition in our country that shields
people who come forth acting out of
conscience to present information that
they believe the public should have I do
not know why
in addition to releasing the information
that you're referring to
he felt compelled to steal a lot of
information that by any definition had
nothing to do with americans civil
rights liberties and privacy but instead
were about terrorists and what other
nations to name to China and Russia do
to try to gather information about us
and what our government tries to do to
prevent that and to try to get
information about them so if he'd been a
whistleblower and if he had confined
himself to releasing information that I
think did provoke the right kind of
discussion in our country and has led to
some changes which I approve of then I
think people could across all spectrums
say hey thank you for bringing this to
our attention and thank you for giving
us the opportunity to respond because he
took valuable information and went first
to China and then is now under the
protection of Vladimir Putin I think
that raises a lot of questions about
everything else he did so I do not think
he should escape
having to return an answer for what he
has done I think we need to continue the
balance on civil liberties privacy and
security it's always a challenge and I
would I do support what the congress
passed the USA freedom act because I
think it did have some some good changes
and I think we have to remain vigilant
but it's always a balance it's a balance
it's not just all one-sided you know if
you go too far toward security you do
infringe upon the legitimate rights of
Americans and that's what we're trying
to end if you go too far toward privacy
and civil liberties you can leave us
vulnerable we're trying to prevent that
too so that's the kind of hard choice
balancing act that I think President
Obama has been attempting to do and I
support the changes that he has been
making from the executive level and I
support the new legislation that the
congress passed
get to you I promise but I kind of like
to go in a broad sweep
ok you will hear from you where's
where's the microphone that we can get
to just a minute I mean it's great
having people too eager after the region
organ shootings would talk about gun
control but he said gun control is not
enough
culture and gun safety and I think
that's what we're doing I agree with you
on that and I like to refer to what i'm
advocating is gun safety measures and in
the gentleman makes a very good point
you know so many of you I'm reading news
online and I see a headline in the
washington post which said something as
I recall toddlers are killing more
people with guns and I stopped what why
because the people whose homes they live
in mostly their parents sometimes their
grandparents have loaded guns in their
homes in their cars and children are
curious and they're picking up loaded
guns and I read the story after I was
shocked by the headline the toddler in
the back seat where there was also a
loaded gun picking it up and looking at
it and shooting his grandmother and
there was you know it's it's just beyond
my comprehension and the gentleman is
absolutely right
if you are going to have a gun please
please exercise common sense safety and
keep those guns away from children
toddlers young kids and teach a proper
respect for guns one of the worst cases
that i've read about it last two weeks
was
an eleven year old boy s to see the new
puppy of the eight-year-old girl who
lived near him and a little girl for
whatever reason said no no she didn't
want him to see her puppy he went home
he got his father's loaded shotgun you
went back any colder so all I'm asking
i think is pretty common sense we need
new legislation to close the loopholes
to remove the immunity from liability to
use technology to get instant background
checks for real not just saying it but
ultimately people have to exercise
common sense in dealing with these
weapons and keeping them away from
children should be rule number one in my
opinion so thank you thank you
and the Great Teacher of your commitment
to clean energy but I was wondering do
you consider the extraction and use of
shale gas to be clean energy and as
president what kind of regulation would
you like to see implemented for their
fracking industry and use of gas that's
a great question and it's one I give the
Obama administration a lot of credit
over the last two years in particular
they have been yes let's give the Obama
administration lot of credit for Energy
and Climate Change and they've been
struggling with this and they've begun
to come out with recommended regulations
like for example to control methane
emissions I think you also have to have
a very tough water standards and I think
from talking to experts in the Obama
administration and the on the outside
here is what they have convinced me up
and this this is the following there are
some places in our country where this
extraction technique may be appropriate
if we do more research and we figure out
how to cut the methane emissions and
keep the water clean there are lots of
other places where it is not and part of
what the federal government needs to
start doing is drawing some lines and
informing states and localities and we
should also never preempt states and
localities from saying no if a local
government says no not here they should
be able to do that
the reason why I think the Obama
administration experts have taken this
position is we have to go through a
transition we have to move away from
fossil fuels including gas but that gas
can be a useful bridge especially as we
move away from coal and we move away
from dirty oil and some of the really
bad alternatives and we want to keep
more fossil fuels under the ocean and in
the ground that's why I'm against Arctic
drilling and why I'm against offshore
drilling because I don't think we should
start trying to listen to people who I
know care alot about the environment
care alot about climate change and are
trying to figure out what are the smart
steps we can take so in some instances I
can go along with it and lots of others
I can't and we need to be moving as
quickly as possible
200 percent clean renewable energy we
have a long way to go but that should be
our goal and we should do nothing that
interferes with or undermines our
efforts to reach that goal as soon as it
is possible
thank you for taking my question it
actually is a follow-up to that so
southern New Hampshire is actually
fighting a fact gas pipeline right now
which I believe that you know about one
of our biggest problems is that it's
coming through new hampshire it's not
for us we don't need it it's for export
one of my concerns beyond all of the
issues surrounding fracked gas is about
40 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
which is funded by Big Oil and Gas what
will you do change first because right
now we've had candidates come and tell
us the local issue it's not we have no
control what can you do to help us you
know I think very important point and I
didn't really focus on this until I've
been traveling around New Hampshire and
the concerns that residents have
expressed about FERC really are
legitimate because the process that FERC
is employing does not give enough weight
to public opinion in the locations where
pipelines are going through it does not
pay in my my opinion enough attention to
all of the other issues whether they be
health issues
safety issues and the light and so I am
going to do what I can to try to make it
absolutely the case that forecast to in
any of these decisions
pay much more attention to local
communities and listen to what your
concerns are and do much more to
evaluate whatever the consequences are
the downsides of these decisions are
because right now
their mandate seems to be only about
delivery of energy and anywhere anytime
and I don't think that's adequate in
today's world if we're gonna have a if
we're gonna have a climate what
that's not what it does not confuse the
two issues when you say supported
they're not paid for by oil and gas they
are certainly
as a regulator for oil and gas used to
paying attention to an oil and gas
industry says I will absolutely give you
that
see my problem though now that people in
the house and elsewhere raise this with
me is that if we're going to have a
national commitment to do something
about climate change needs to be part of
that national commitment and that's my
view on how we have to alter a lot of
parents the federal government it's not
just the EPA that needs to be focused on
combating climate change every part of
the federal government needs to be
focused as I want to have a national
goal and said look I wanna have by the
end of my first term half a billion more
solar panels installed in by the end of
my second term enough clean renewable
energy to power every home in america
and if those are our goals it's really
important that we don't have the right
hand doing something different than the
left hand in the old saying so it would
be my intention to legislative changes
regulatory changes are necessary to
undertake those but also to appoint
people who will really be really focused
on how everybody worked toward this big
overarching national goal and not you
know the kind of thing you know there
was a time when we needed more energy
people remember some of us are able to
remember being in very long gas lines at
least I remember those days and we were
pretty much captive to Middle East oil
so we had a different mindset but now
we've got to change that so I think your
question is not only a specific one
about a particular decision but it
raises the larger issue about what we're
gonna do to change our our values our
goals and that's what I'm gonna try to
do
the national student debt level is
reached 1.1 trillion dollars
graduated from New Hampshire College is
going to be approximately $32,000 in
quite honestly I'd be surprised if I
listed in this room with that little
what are you gonna do best to help
students graduate college
we have student at
your hands up comedy ever had student
debt so it's a pretty healthy majority
that's a great question and and your
statistics are right we have forty
million people with student debt that
now reaches 1.2 trillion dollars so the
first and most important thing is we
need to make it possible for every
person with student debt current and
those who have graduated refinance that
debt you know that to me is the number
one everybody else can refinance their
debt corporations can refinance their
debt you can refinance your mortgage
refinance your car payment
why is it that students can't refinance
their debt and the worst injustice to me
is that we've had practically zero
interest rates for seven years and yet i
want to ask how many of you know that
you are paying an interest rate of at
least seven percent I mean we have
people who are paying interest rates far
beyond what the real interest rates are
so I want everybody to be able to
refinance and then I want to do much
more to get both students and graduates
into income contingency repayment plans
and what is that this is what I had when
I went to law school so did my husband
you know we both borrowed money we
worked with borrowed money in the loans
we had when we graduated we both
teachers we taught at the University of
Arkansas law school my first job was
with the children's defense fun and then
with the University of Arkansas so as I
recall making like 14,000 between 14 and
17 thousand dollars a year and we
couldn't have paid some big fixed rate
based on a high interest rate so we paid
back as a percentage of our income on a
monthly basis and as I recall it was
like 10 percent
and it took 10 15 years but it didn't it
didn't have the burden that I now hear
about from so many young people and
their families because of the high fixed
rates and the other thing I'd really
like to do more of is to make sure that
people who go into what our public
service national service jobs get a
lower rate
get more forgiveness faster get a
discount because they are doing
something that scared they're gonna do
when your obligations and if you've been
a responsible player and you've taken
advantage of all the new opportunities
that I want to provide there will be an
endpoint and you can count on that so
this is a big deal to me because too
many people are being held back because
of this debt and you say 32,000 I think
that's one of the highest averages in
the country students in new hampshire
are bearing so it's a big problem for
everybody but particularly students here
and I've met a lot of them who because
of their student debt they can't take
jobs they'd like to take because they
can't afford them I met a young woman
who said she had the dream job of her
life in Boston but she couldn't afford
to pay her student debt and live there
so like so many young people day she
still living with your parents and
that's nice
chance to kind of get out there
make your own decisions about we're
gonna live and okay so you're from Mount
Holyoke 07 sister does that mean you
want to ask about holyoke question
I know I could see you writing and
holding it up when I had to get really
close to my question actually have to
talk about empowering women and i was
wondering if you're going to do anything
about human trafficking and my second
question was kinda goes along with
college and everything else is how else
are you going to empower the youth of
America well with respect to your first
question on human trafficking I feel
passionately about this and have worked
on this issue since my days as first
lady in fact back in 2000 I worked with
a coalition of outside activists and
members of Congress to pass the first
ever United States legislation against
human trafficking proud to say my
husband signed it so that began and I
stayed focused on there is senator and
then as Secretary of State worked really
hard to do more about human trafficking
around the world and still here at home
we appointed a first-rate federal
prosecutor who had prosecuted some of
the human trafficking cases in the
United States to head the office in the
state department to take on these issues
and we also pressured through the human
trafficking annual study different
countries to have to change their laws
to enforce their laws when I as first
lady talked with representatives of
other countries they really didn't
understand why the United States was
making a big deal out of this because it
was part of in their view of the culture
and now they know that they're gonna be
graded every year by the United States
government and that if they are having a
failing grade several years in a row
they can lose aid and other benefits
from the United States government and
it's our tool to try to get laws passed
to change enforcement
actually to go after human trafficking
remains one of the biggest sources of
criminal activity and profits in the
world
sometimes we think of only one or two
kinds of human trafficking you know the
refugees flooding into Europe are in
many respects a form of human
trafficking they're picked up by
smugglers who often abandon them the
children and and adults who come across
our southern border are often treated
the same way they are their families pay
money to smugglers and traffickers who
again may abandon the may have been to
them in the desert may have handed them
to their fates on the long journey that
they are taking we have a lot of
trafficking of people into really
exploitative labor situations literally
people being kidnapped and put on
fishing boats being ashamed to sewing
machines in factories and then of course
we have sex trafficking where young
women in particular but even children
are preyed upon and where poor families
are convinced to essentially sell their
daughters I remember being in northern
Thailand when I was first lady and it
was before we passed our trafficking
statue and part of the reason I was
there was to talk with the government to
convince them to take this seriously and
I went to a hospice for young women who
were the victims of aids after having
been trafficked into the brothels in
Bangkok and then when they were ill
thrown literally on the street
some of them would make their way back
to their homes their families who'd been
paid for them would reject them and I
remember standing by the wheel chair of
dying 12 year old girl and having the
aid workers who were taking care of her
tell me her story and then the aid
workers says you can tell the families
that have sold their daughter
hours by driving around these villages
the houses with satellites have sold
their daughters and so this is such a
key part of discrimination against women
and girls a rejection of their
importance their human dignity their
rights that it is a deep challenge to
change attitudes in many parts of the
world
about the value of girls and to make the
case that educating a girl over the long
run will be far better for the family
than selling her at the age of eleven or
twelve to be either an indentured
servant or a sex worker so this is an
area that is particularly a concern of
mine because it goes hand in hand with
the exploitation of poor people
marginalized people and particularly
girls and women in many places across
the country
thank you
handguns recently Australia managed to
get away you take away the thousand
million handguns and in one year if we
can't why can't Lee you know Australia's
a good example candidates a good example
the UK is a good example why because
each of them had mass killings Australia
had a huge mass killing about twenty
five twenty twenty-five years ago
candidate did as well so did the UK and
offering to buy back those guns they
were able to you know curtail the supply
and to set a different standard for gun
purchases in the future
communities have done that in our
country's several communities have done
gun buy-back programs but I think it
would be worth considering doing it on
the national level if that could be
arranged remember I know after the
terrible await financial crisis and in
one of the programs that President Obama
was able to get in place was cash for
clunkers that you know getting off the
road and it was partly a way to get
people to buy new cars we wanted
economic activity and it was partly a
way to get old models that were
polluting too much sort of off the road
so I think that's worth considering I I
don't know enough details to tell you
how we would do it or how it would work
but certainly the Australian example is
worth looking at
thank you for raising that
and so I was wondering what your
thoughts are on education reform and
what you plan on doing for education
reform once you become president
well I'm glad you're gonna be a teacher
thank you reputation for turning out
educators and I want to really try to be
more focused first of all I think we
have to do more to actually pay
attention to what educators tell us
about what will work in the classroom
and that sounds you're probably
wondering why would you say something so
obvious because we've been having a very
vigorous debate a contentious debate
over what will work and what won't work
to try to increase educational
achievement among our young people and I
think the debate has gotten off base I
think it's too much about the latest
fads the latest products the latest
models instead of taking a deep breath
and actually talking to experts who have
done an enormous amount of research
about what really works I want to get
back to looking at what really works and
I know that there are a lot of
well-meaning people who are really down
on the public schools and I just don't
believe her share that I think the
public schools are one of the bedrock
institutions of our democracy
and therefore
to make the mark and so here are a
couple of observations because this is a
much longer conversation and I must say
I am I am honored to have the support of
the teachers of New Hampshire and
America and my campaign and because of
that I wanna be a partner in figuring
out what are the best ways forward to do
a better job helping kids particularly
poor kids particularly kids with special
needs particularly kids who come into
school from literally the first day of
kindergarten not as prepared as their
classmates are to be successful so I
start with early childhood education and
universal prekindergarten that's where I
grave disservice to ignore the fact that
the first five years of life set up a
child set up the vocabulary of that
child we now know from brain research
even influences the brain in ways that
will make it easier or less so in
learning the brain research tells us
that 80% of your brain is physically
formed by the age of three so what
happens in those first three years and
then those first five years before you
ever go into a formal classroom really
depends on the family and the community
and what kinds of support families can
be given I am a strong believer in early
education particularly for kids that
have various kinds of disadvantages and
I just tell you a quick story when bill
was governor of arkansas one of our
problems it was you know the second
poorest state in America and our
teachers were the second poorest page in
america and a lot of our families had
really a serious economic challenges and
so when you're thinking about ok what do
you do to try to improve the schools we
we tackled standards we raised teacher
pay we did a lot that needed to be done
that was overdue but we also looked at
this problem about what happens when
kids show up that first day and as a
result I began looking all over to try
to find an affordable program that could
help more low-income kids be better
prepared because a lot of programs that
are the real state of the art are
expensive and I would love for our
country to invest in them because you
actually save money at the end of it
that's been proven over and over again
but being realistic we gotta find
everything we can do and try to make it
affordable so this was so serendipitous
I was in Florida
with bill we were attending some meeting
that he had and i was just literally in
the hotel room flip into the paper and I
saw a picture of a professor from israel
giving a lecture about a program that
started there i read about it and it was
fascinating because it basically said
that after a big influx of immigrants
from poor nations like Ethiopia the kids
would go to the excellent Israeli
schools but they weren't achieving the
israeli researchers at hebrew university
was a way what's going on here were
there in the schools if the schools were
the only answer why aren't they doing
better and then they realize that they
had to work in the family in those first
five years so I called this woman her
name was Lombard and I said dr. lumbered
hillary clinton i'm calling from
arkansas where and I said arkansas she
goes where's that I said well it's sort
of next to Texas ok look at a map and I
asked her if she were coming to the
united states I would like to meet with
her to figure out whether what they did
in israel was transferable to places
like arkansas she came and we began
what's called the home instruction
program for preschool youngsters and
basically the idea behind it was to help
the mother become her child's first
teacher to feel confident and competent
enough to try to prepare her own child
to learn doing very simple things like
talking to her baby a lot of low-income
mothers when I started doing this back
in the eighties I would say I bet you're
loving talking to your baby and they'd
see why would I talked to her she can't
talk back not because she didn't love
her baby but because she had no idea
that's how you build brain so and
synapses and vocabulary so fast forward
this program has now been going on
across the country for 25 years and it
has a great track record so we can do
more in the homes helping parents
child's first teachers but we still need
universal prekindergarten so that every
child can get that level of preparation
so that when they go to that
first day of kindergarten they have a
fighting chance to be successful so
there's a lot I want to do but I end
there by saying that I am really looking
forward to working with the teachers and
parents of america to make our education
system everything it should be the drug
issue in our state and we are
grandparents raising grandson we lost
him too and I knew I loved you for
fifteen years retired here would you
please just say a bit more even though
you're probably preaching to the choir
well I have to say you are the third
grandmother that I have personally met
in new hampshire the last several months
who's raising a grandchild because of
drugs we did have a an incredible town
hall here didn't remotely six seven
hundred people most of them really
affected in some way or another by this
terrible epidemic of addiction and in
particular here in New Hampshire and
next door in vermont heroin and heroin
epidemic which is killing so many young
people and leaving grieving and broken
families behind I don't think I would
have been talking about this issue had I
not spent several months listening to
people and and i won my first trip in
this campaign and then in new hampshire
in keen on my first trip as with Joanne
and some others I heard about the heroin
epidemic and so I began looking into it
and I know that everywhere I went
somebody raised it with me sometimes
publicly sometimes
afterwards privately so that's why I
have a comprehensive agenda to try to
begin to reverse this tide of addiction
it includes better preventive efforts it
includes more treatment something that
we just don't have enough of if you do
have somebody and you persuade them to
seek treatment only one in 10 will get
it in a timely way because we don't have
enough of it we also are seeing real
progress and Laconia I had a meeting
about this issue and was so impressed by
the police chief who has changed the
whole way he polices drug abuse and drug
offences of sending people to jail
there's trying to get people into
treatment they're trying to match them
with some kind of mint or from the
recovery community and they are now
equipped with the antidote to reverse
heroin overdoses next alone known as nor
can we have to change the way we police
we need to break away here the USA
houses gambling briefly
would be a terrible mistake for the
industry to be able to use their
influence in congress to stop States
from doing exactly as you said looking
into it finding out more about it and I
want more research to because I think
you're right there are some you know
there are some forms of this that are
lifesavers you know drought-resistant
crops are often genetically modified and
we don't want to deprive people in
drought conditions from being able to
grow crops that they then can use unless
there is evidence research that shows
they shouldn't do it but on the other
hand we need an ongoing system doing
much more to check out all the chemicals
and genetic changes and it's not just
GMOs I'm worried about we have hundreds
if not thousands of chemicals that we
have never tested to determine what
their real impact is or in concert with
other elements or other chemicals so I'm
I'm a huge believer in and safety and in
the right to know and I think we are not
doing enough on either of those counts
so right now that's where I stand on it
I am NOT in any way bro just forward no
questions asked I think that's not smart
but I'm also not anti no questions asked
there's no possible uses for these kinds
of altered crops which we've been eating
as you know for hundreds of years in
different forms it's just much more
sophisticated now but I am very much in
favor of making sure it's labeled making
sure that no state or local community is
stopped from doing what it thinks is
right and much more money by independent
sources in looking at the impact so we
have better information in the first
place
not let somebody else asked question
back here I've had my back I've had my
back to the whole time
have at this young lady in the Keene
State debate debate so ago and I'm
majoring in Holocaust and genocide
studies and my amazing professors and
classmates and I are wondering what your
plans are for genocide and mass atrocity
awareness and prevention and
specifically what the plans for the
atrocities prevention board would look
like
I think maybe the first college in the
country to have a Holocaust genocide
studies program right and i join in the
applause I think that's absolutely
amazing and brilliant to have a specific
curriculum to look at Holocaust Studies
and genocide because we've got to have
educated young people and others like
you who are equipped to help us deal
with a lot of these issues because
unfortunately we are living with them
and we have to come up with a better
response I was privileged to announce
the atrocities prevention board when it
was first set up in the Obama
administration in Washington if any of
you have been there it was the most
appropriate perfect place to make that
announcement and I will certainly not
only continue it but look for ways that
its visibility can become higher so that
more people know that the United States
has this board and that we will work to
find ways to try to bring people
together around some common responses to
the potential for genocide learning from
the past and there are so many bows kind
of theoretical and practical aspects to
this that deserve a lot of thought for
example we know that oftentimes in
conflicts ethnic religious tribal other
leaders of groups actually set these
genocides or ethnic cleansing in motion
they use the media we saw that in bosnia
where people who had lived
together peacefully for a very long time
we're set against each other through a
propaganda effort on the media that
turned neighbor against neighbor and
even split families so we have to
understand quickly if something like
that is happening what are the best ways
to try to combat it we saw the same
thing in rwanda we have seen the same
thing in the central african republic
between Christians and Muslims and their
political battles so we have to we have
to not only condemn this and speak out
against the horrible effects of the
holocaust of genocide of atrocities but
we have to really analyze it and that's
why I'm so proud of the course you're
doing what triggers it what turns people
against one another who have been maybe
not loving each other but not killing
each other and then all of a sudden
there something sets them off and how do
we try to have interventions that
prevent that and it's a lot of cultures
are on a trip wire something can set
them off so how do we help other
countries with the huge variety of
cultures in the world understand what
they need to do to try to prevent it
from escalating so i'm i'm delighted and
I hope that those who are in this
program and graduate from it will find
you know ways in our government ways and
international organization in not for
profits to be really actively involved
in helping us understand what to do to
prevent this from happening in the
future
here comes a microphone more difficult
to get through there comes thank you for
taking my question
protected the American people in the
american economy for decades and then it
was dismantled and we crashed and hit
bottom at the debate you said you would
not be in support of reinstating glass
steagle I'm wondering why and also if
you become president how would you
protect us from Grove banks and Wall
Street I intend to do just that and my
plan is more comprehensive more
effective in fact tougher and take a
look at Paul Krugman's column today Paul
Krugman who I think has pretty amazing
progressive credentials right basically
said that I had the better side of this
argument now why did he say this because
I fully respect my colleagues who have
said let's reinstate glass steagle and
if I thought that alone would prevent
the potential next crisis had raised my
hand and join but that's not my
assessment because if you look as
Krugman said today in his column the
some of the major actors who caused the
08 crash were not big banks they would
have never been covered by glass steagle
AIG the giant insurance company Lehman
Brothers they would never have been
affected by it and what I want to do is
to crack down on the banks by assessing
a risk fee and forcing them to have to
comply with
dodd-frank and tougher regulations and I
am absolutely in favor of breaking them
up if they become a risk to the economy
but the potential next threat to our
economy that has to really be reined in
is what's called the shadow banking
world the hedge funds the money market
funds when do anything about that if it
were reinstated tomorrow so I have the
greatest respect for my colleagues and
former colleagues who are really focused
on that but I go further than that my
proposal which you can go to my website
and read about goes much further and
includes everybody that I think would
pose a risk to the economy including the
big banks but going much further than
that so that's why I've taken the
position I haven't you can read Paul
Krugman today to understand why ok
this young man I think it had his hand
up for a long time and he's got a
cheering section behind him he's brought
his own cheerleaders who are bisexual
member of the LGBT community equal
rights has been a very important thing
to me you said that over the years your
views on this topic of a bald how do you
compare yourself to other candidates
that have remained firm on their views
and how do you think you've done to
change from year past views
well I think that if you speak with the
Human Rights Campaign or any of the
large advocacy groups they will tell you
that they count on me and that you can
count on me I was I think the first and
only first lady ever to march in a gay
pride parade back in the late nineteen
nineties so I have been an advocate a
vocal visible advocate for equality and
against discrimination yes my views did
evolve and I think most people my age
would say the same thing there might be
some exceptions but largely because of
my strong opposition to discrimination
of any sort and my personal
relationships with a lot of people over
the years I certainly concluded that
marriage equality should be the law of
the land and I was thrilled when the
Supreme Court made it the law of the
land and I will
I will enforce marriage equality but
we've got to go further than that you
know in a lot of states now because of
the constitutional decision you can get
married on Saturday and get fired on
Monday because we still permit
discrimination in employment and public
accommodations so we have to pass the
Equality Act which is currently pending
in Congress that will be my highest
priority so that marriage isn't the end
of the debate it's a step along the path
to true equality and you will be able to
count on me to fight for you
go of your red nurse for twenty five
years in a long-term care setting and
we're faced with a lot of challenges
that I'm sure many people have
experience from Medicare cuts to drug
companies gouge people we've recently
had an individual that was being charged
$27,000 for seven days of medication
which is just not something people have
but in the bigger scheme right now is
the nursing shortage that is plaguing
the country and it's going to gain
momentum as baby boomers retire and new
hampshire's experiencing at the
long-term care industry is experiencing
as the hospital do you have any thoughts
on what we can do because when we're
looking at standards of care and quality
and the things that we want for our
loved ones but yet then people going
into the industry
challenge between their workload how do
we manage that and how do we make it
possible to raise the number of nurses
out there serving our community
and I think people know or should know
that nursing care is often the single
biggest reason people you either get
well and recover or not so the nurse is
at the center of the health care system
and a couple of things about this one
the last time I looked most nursing
programs were oversubscribed by people
wanting to get into them there were far
more applicants than there were places
for them so I think we should be
expanding our training programs are
educational programs so that we can
actually trained more nurses so we can
get ahead of what is a very serious
problem with the retirement of a lot of
baby boom nurses and the fact that we're
just not gonna have enough of a supply
if we don't start trying to fill the
pipeline now so there are some excellent
programs but we're gonna have to open
additional excellent programs and we're
gonna have to try to support and I would
be in favor of federal support for
programs that have a proven track record
of turning out excellent nurses so that
they can expand more faculty more slots
so that they can add to the numbers who
can get into the profession early I also
think it's important that nurses be
given more authority in the medical
settings in which they work we know that
a lot of nurses are being overworked
they're being asked to serve very long
shifts and a lot of them now because the
numbers have shrunk in a lot of settings
particularly hospital settings and I
think nursing home settings as well
nurses are responsible for many more
patients and nurses with whom I have
spoken have all said this is
unsustainable because if you've ever
shadowed a nurse which I did back in
2007 it's exhausting you know in and out
of patients rooms I was in a hospital
stopping to do the checking with doctors
filling out the forms by the end of the
shift you're just drained and if you're
trying to take care of too many patients
the result can be you know unfortunate
because we're not setting up our systems
to get the best possible care so i think
im both ends more training more
education more support for those
programs and try to make sure that
nurses on the job
have the support and the authority that
they need that's how I would try to
approach this one more question mike
there's a lot of hands up your mic so
I'm gonna let you pick whoever is with
your eyes shut ok all right bring us
back to student loans
Miami senior year at Keene State
elementary education department in the
last three years all of my loans have
been through credit card company because
my parents make too much money and my
fast and come to help me
$30,000 a year while they don't have
$30,000 a year to give me towards my
education so I have extremely high
interest rates and the only way I now
have any federal support for this year
is because I got married last summer so
I just find it
mind blowing and I'm still the same
person who's been with the scene partner
for six years in
and I've had the same parents with seem
jobs the same income financial situation
but now the government says hey now we
can help you because you got married and
before that I wasn't worth any federal
help I had to go through credit card
companies I can't stand that I think
that's terrible and so we're gonna
change that I think that application is
absurd i mean it is just absolutely
perfect storm application turns people
off and it penalizes people like your
parents so it's a lose lose no matter
where you start from the parents PLUS
loans I don't know if any of you have
those have become so expensive and way
beyond the means most families to be
able to manage the federal government
should not be making a profit off of
student loans that is
example is the same person that families
can make a contribution fine but it has
to be reasonable if students can work I
work so I maybe I'm a little biased 10
hours a week to be able to get debt free
tuition which is my goal debt free
tuition you never have to borrow a penny
to pay tuition for public college or
university like Keene State so that will
be caught and just generally become you
know so wrong
a young woman I think in Nevada say to
me you know the hardest part about going
to college shouldn't be figuring out how
to pay for it and the amount of stress
and anguish and disappointment from
young people and their families is just
beyond anything it should ever be and
the other problem which I encountered
back and forth in talking to people
about all of this is that a lot of young
people who try to start and then
something happens and they drop out they
are stuck with the loans and they don't
have anything to show for it because
they never got their degree and the
worst offenders are some not all I want
to make that very clear some of the not
for profit college or the for-profit
colleges that are pretty unscrupulous
and how they treat students and their
parents and one of the most groups are
veterans under the new GI Bill have the
opportunity to get an education and a
lot of these for-profit colleges try to
recruit the vets and then they basically
take the money under one of the
loopholes in the law and don't produce
the results for our vets so there are a
number of issues here that i'm gonna be
confronting and you know the debt free
tuition would be a big help to you
that's going to be one of my primary
goal is to make college more affordable
and to get
the debt load down and hopefully
eliminated in a more reasonable way than
what you're facing thank you all very
much

thank you
I don't know what I want and I want
everyone of you I still
country we're going to fight for
everybody and everything
gonna fight for real solutions that make
a real difference in people's lives
you know when I started this campaign
last spring I knew we were facing
profound challenges as a country the way
too many things we're going just wasn't
right it isn't right
the kids I met in Flint on Sunday were
poisoned because their governor wanted
to save money it is that right
grandmother here in new hampshire or
anywhere else you have to choose between
paying rent and buying medicine because
a prescription drug company increased
the price four thousand percent
overnight and it is it right that a
cashier that I met here in new hampshire
son is paid less than her son doing the
same work even though she's been on the
job for more years now people people
have every right to be angry but they're
also hungry hungry for solutions what
are we going
the fire were taking the country what is
the best way to change people's lives so
we can all go together
who is the best change maker
work harder than anyone to actually make
the changes that make your lives better
in this campaign you've heard a lot
about washington and about Wall Street
now senator Sanders and I both wanna get
secret unaccountable money out of
politics and let's remember remember
citizens united one of the worst Supreme
Court decisions in our country's history
was actually a case about a right wing
attack on the and my campaign a
right-wing organization aimed at me and
ended up damaging our entire democracy
so yes you're not going to find anybody
more committed to aggressive campaign
we also agree that Wall Street can never
be allowed to once again threaten made
Street and I will fight to rein in Wall
Street and you know what I know how to
do it
bank can't be too big to fail and no
executive too powerful to jail
you can count on it now the real
differences in this race are truly over
how do we create a future of prosperity
opportunity and security for all of us
we need to build a growth and fairness
economy with higher wages and more
good-paying jobs including a bold
national mission to create millions of
jobs in clean energy manufacturing and
infrastructure
unleash again the innovation of our
entrepreneurs and small businesses make
it easier for parents to balance work
and family close the loopholes in our
tax code crackdown on corporations that
game the system stop other countries
from taking advantage of us with unfair
trade practices but even all that is not
enough we also have to break through the
barriers of bigotry african-american
parents shouldn't have to worry that
their children will be harassed
humiliated because of the color of their
skin
immigrant families have to lie awake at
night listening for a knock on the door
LGBT Americans shouldn't be fired from
their jobs because the home
and let's finally delivers something
long overdue equal pay for women and
how I feel
president has to do all parts the job
for all Americans to make sure nothing
holds you back not dead discrimination
not a deck that's always stacked with
those at the top we need to break down
those barriers and build ladders of
opportunity for every person that's how
we will build a better tomorrow together
and that has been the cause and work of
my life you know my family and I they
taught me a simple credo do all the good
you can in all the ways you can for all
the people you can that's what called me
to a life of service just like millions
of teachers and nurses and police
officers and firefighters and members of
our armed services
get up every day and do why it work
the heroic work for all the rest of us
but when children anywhere in our
country
go to bed hungry or are denied a quality
education or who face abuse or
abandonment that this finishes all of us
that's why I did start my career the
children's defense fund that's why I
went undercover in alabama to expose
racism in schools that's why I worked
for juvenile justice and South Carolina
and that is why I went to Flint Michigan
on Sunday
anywhere in america are held back by
injustice that demands action that is
why I believe so strongly that we have
to keep up with every fiber of our being
given for the campaign for human rights
human rights as women rights human
rights as gay rights human rights as
worker rights human rights as voting
rights right across the board for every
single American
now that that is who I am that is what
I've always done that is why I am in
this race I know I have some work to do
particularly with young people but I
will repeat again what I have said this
way even if they are not supporting me
now I support them because I know
a blessed life but I also know what it's
like to stumble and fall and so many
people across america know that feeling
and we've learned it's not whether you
get knocked down that matters it's
whether you get back
building on the progress we've made
under President Obama pushing forward
every single day for as long as it takes
to break down those barriers that hold
us back we've got to believe in the
basic proposition of our country when
all americans have the chance to succeed
when each of us has the opportunity to
live up to our own god-given potential
then and only then can America live up
to its potential as well
thank all of you I am very grateful to
my wonderful family knowing there by my
side keeps me going
thousands of volunteers and organizers
who called neighbors and knocked on
doors and then
Hillary Clinton dot com to give what you
could more than 700,000 people have
contributed to this campaign the vast
majority having less than $100 I know
that doesn't fit with the narrative I
know there are those who want to deny
the passion and the purpose you all show
every day for this campaign but you are
there is that we are here and you are
the reason we are going to win the
nomination at that where there's so much
shit together thank you thank you sir

ahead on Bernie Sanders right now what a
great campaign their shares to campaign
across Iowa with so many of you to make
the case for the kind of future we want
for the democratic party and for the
United States of America
there is so much at stake in this
election I don't need to tell you every
single one of you who came out for me to
work so many hours from my young
organizers with energy
families and friends across this state I
am deeply grateful
well here's what I want you to know it
is rare it is rare that we have the
opportunity we do now to have a real
contest of ideas
Joe really think hard about what the
democratic party stands for and what we
want the future of our country to look
like if we do our part to build it ima
progressive who gets things done
to stand in the long line of American
reformers who make up our minds that the
status quo is not good enough but
standing still is not an option and that
brings people together to find ways
forward that will improve the lives of
Americans I look back over the years my
involvement from that very first job I
had at the children's defense fund and I
know we are capable of doing I know we
can create more good-paying jobs and
raise incomes for hard-working Americans
again I know that we can finish the job
of universal health care coverage
I know we can come back climate change
and be that clean energy superpower
eventually force
we can make our education system work
for every one of our children especially
at all
disadvantages we can make college
affordable and get stoned and dad off
the backs of young people
our rights women's rights
workers rights
we can stand up to the gun lobby and get
common-sense gun safety manager
we do that we do that by securing the
nomination and then we do it by winning
and going in at White House as others be
four have determined to push forward on
the great goals and values that unite us
as Americans I congratulate I
congratulate my esteemed friends and
opponents I wish governor O'Malley the
very best he's a great public servant
who has served our country
cited about really getting into the
debate with senator Sanders about the
best way for
in the last few weeks in the last few
weeks we finally began to have what i
think is one of the most important
substantive conversations that the
democratic party could have and I am I
am thrilled at all the people who are
playing a part in that I know that we
may have differences of opinion about
how best to achieve our goals but I
believe we have a very clear idea that
the democratic party and this campaign
stands for what is best in America and
we have to
we had to be united against a republican
vision and candidates who would drive us
apart and divide us that is not who we
are my friends I followed their campaign
very closely I understand what they're
appealing to and I intend to stand
against it I will the progress that
we've made be successful because we
can't afford that so as I stand here
tonight
breathing a big sigh of relief thank you
standing up for you I will keep fighting
for you I will always work to achieve
the america that I believe in where the
promise of that dream that we hold out
to our children and our grandchildren
never fades but its spires generations
to join a let's go

everyone at the new school for welcoming
us today I'm delighted to be back over
the past few months I have had the
opportunity to listen to americans
concerns about an economy that still
isn't delivering for them it's not
delivering the way that it should it
still seems to most Americans I have
spoken with that it is stacked for those
at the top but I've also heard about the
hopes that people have for their future
going to college without drowning in
debt
starting that small business they've
always dreamed about getting a job that
pays well enough to support a family and
provide for a secure retirement previous
generations of Americans built the
greatest economy and strongest
middle-class the world has ever known
on the promise of a basic bargain if you
work hard and do your part you should be
able to get ahead and when you get ahead
America gets ahead but over the past
several decades that bargain has eroded
our job is to make it strong again for
35 years Republicans have argued that if
we give more well to those at the top by
cutting their taxes and letting big
corporations write their own rules it
will trickle down it will trickle down
to everyone else yet every time they
have a chance to try that approach it
explodes the National death concentrates
well even more and does practically
nothing to help hard-working Americans
twice now in the past 20 years a
democratic president has had to come in
and clean up the mess left behind
I think the results speak for themselves
under president clinton I like the sound
of that america saw the longest
peacetime expansion in our history
nearly 23 million jobs a balanced budget
and a surplus for the future and most
importantly incomes rose across the
board not just for those already at the
top eight years later President Obama
and the american people's hard work
hold us back from the brink of
depression President Obama saved the
auto industry imposed new rules on wall
street and provided health care to 16
million Americans
now today day as the shadow of crisis
recedes and longer-term challenges come
into focus I believe we have to build a
growth and fairness economy you can't
have one without the other
we can't create enough jobs and new
businesses without more growth and we
can't build strong families and support
our consumer economy without more
fairness we need both because while
america is standing again we're not yet
running the way we should corporate
profits are at near record highs and
americans are working as hard as ever
but thx barely budged in real terms
families today are stretched in so many
directions and so are their budgets out
of pocket costs health care child care
caring for aging parents are rising a
lot faster than wages I hear this
everywhere I go
a single mom who talked to me about
juggling a job and classes at community
college while raising three kids she
doesn't expect anything to come easy but
if you got a raise
everything wouldn't be quite so hard the
grandmother who worked around the clock
providing child care to other people's
kids she's proud of her work but the pay
is barely enough to live on
especially with the soaring price of her
prescription drugs
the young entrepreneur whose dream of
buying the bowling out where he worked
at the teenager was nearly derailed by
his student depth if you can grow his
business will be able to pay off his
debt and pay its employees including
himself more to millions of hard-working
americans tell similar stories
leeches need to rise to keep up with
costs
paychecks need to grow families who work
hard and do their part
deserve to get ahead and stay ahead the
defining economic challenge of our time
is clear we must raise incomes for
hard-working Americans so they can
afford a middle-class life we must drive
strong and steady income growth that
lifts up families and lifts up our
country and that I'm president to the
left eye
I will get up everyday thinking about
the families of America like the family
that I came from a hard-working dad is
starting a small business and scrimped
and saved and gave us a good
middle-class life I'll be thinking about
all the people that I represented here
in New York and the stories that they
told me and that I worked with them to
improve and I will as your president
take on this challenge against the
backdrop of major changes in our economy
and the global economy that didn't start
with the recession and won't end with
the recovery you know advances in
technology and expanding global trade
have created a whole new areas of
commercial activity and open new markets
for exports but too often they're also
polarizing our economy benefiting
high-skilled workers but displacing or
downgrading blue-collar jobs and other
mid-level jobs that used to provide
incomes for millions of Americans
today's marketplace focuses too much on
the short-term like second to second
financial trading and quarterly earnings
reports and too little on long-term
investments meanwhile many Americans are
making extra money renting out a spare
room designing websites selling products
they design themselves at home or even
driving their own car this on demand or
so-called big economy is creating
exciting opportunities and unleashing
innovation but it's also raising hard
questions about workplace protections
and what a good job will look like in
the future so all of these trends are
real and none none is going away but
they don't determine our destiny the
choices we make as a nation matter and
the choices we make in the years ahead
will set the stage for what
American life in the middle class in our
economy will be like in this century as
President I will work with every
possible partner to turn the tide to
make these currents of change start
working for us more than against us to
strengthen not how about the American
middle class is I think it our best
that's what Americans do we are problem
solvers not deniers we don't hide from
change we harness the measure of our
success must be how much incomes rise
for hard-working families not just for
successful CEOs and money managers and
not just some arbitrary growth target
untethered to people's lives and
livelihoods
I want our economy work for the
struggling striving and the successful
we're not going to find all the answers
we need today in the PlayBook's of the
past we can't go back to the old
policies that failed us before nor can
we just replay the successes today is
not 1993 it's not 2009 so we needed a
solution for the big challenges we face
now so today I'm proposing an agenda to
raise incomes for hard-working Americans
an agenda for strong growth their growth
and long-term growth
let me begin with strong growth more
growth means more jobs and more new
businesses more jobs give people choices
about where to work and employers have
to offer higher wages and better
benefits in order to compete with each
other to hire new workers and keep the
productive ones that's why economist how
US that getting closer to full
employment is crucial for raising
incomes small businesses create more
than 60% of new American jobs on net so
they have to be a top priority
I've said I want to be the small
business president and I mean it and
throughout this campaign I'm going to be
talking about how we empower
entrepreneurs with less red tape easier
access to capital tax relief and
simplification however push for broader
business tax reform to spur investment
in america closing those loopholes that
reward companies for sending jobs and
profits overseas
and I know it's not always how we think
about this but another engine of strong
growth should be comprehensive
immigration reform I want you to hear
this bringing millions of hardworking
people into the formal economy would
increase our gross domestic product by
an estimated 700 billion dollars over 10
years then there are the new public
investments that will help establish
businesses and entrepreneurs create the
next generation of high-paying jobs
know when we get americans moving we get
our country moving so let's establish an
infrastructure bank that can channel
more public and private fun
those funds to finance world-class
airports railways roads bridges and
ports and let's build those faster
broadband networks and make sure there's
a greater diversity of providers so
consumers have more choice and really
there's no excuse not to make greater
investments in cleaner renewable energy
right now our economy obviously runs on
energy and the time has come to make
america the world's clean energy
superpower I dedicate that because these
investments will create millions of jobs
save us money in the long run and help
us meet the threats of climate change
and let's fund the scientific and
medical research that spawns innovative
companies and creates entire new
industries just as the project to
sequence the human genome did in the
nineteen nineties and President Obama's
initiatives on precision medicine and
brain research will do in the coming
years I will set ambitious goals in all
of these areas in the months ahead but
today let me emphasize another key
ingredient of strong growth that often
goes overlooked and undervalued breaking
down barriers more americans participate
more fully in the work force especially
women
we are in a global competition as I'm
sure you have noticed and we can't
afford to leave talent on the sidelines
but that's exactly what we're doing
today when we leave people out or write
them off we not only short-changed them
and their dreams we shortchange our
country and our future
the movement of women into the american
workforce over the past 40 years was
responsible for more than three and a
half trillion dollars in economic growth
but that progress has stalled the United
States used to rank seventh out of 24
advanced countries in women's labor
force participation by 2013 we had
dropped to ninety that represents a lot
of fun
used potential for our economy and for
american families studies show that
nearly a third of this decline relative
to other countries is because they're
expanding family friendly policies like
paid leave and we are not we should be
making it easier for Americans to be
both good workers and good parents and
caregivers women who want to work should
be able to do so without worrying
everyday about how they're going to take
care of their children or what will
happen if a family member get sick you
know last year
while I was at the hospital here in
Manhattan waiting for a little Charlotte
to make a grand entrance one of the
nurses said thank you for fighting for
paid leave and we began to talk about it
she sees firsthand what it means for
herself and her colleagues as well as
for the working parents that she helps
take care of it's time to recognize that
quality affordable child care is not a
luxury it's a growth strategy and it's
way past time to end the outrage of so
many women still earning less than men
on the job and women of color making
even less
this lost money adds up for some women
its thousands of dollars every year now
I am well aware that for far too long
these challenges have been dismissed by
some as women's issues all those days
are over their pay and fair scheduling
paid family leave and earned sick days
childcare are essential to our
competitiveness and our growth and we
can do this in a way that doesn't impose
unfair burdens on businesses especially
small businesses as president
our fight to put families first just
like I have my entire career
now beyond strong growth we also need
fair growth and that will be the second
key driver of raising incomes the
evidence is in in a quality is a drag on
our entire economy so this is the
problem we need to tackle now you may
have heard governor bush say last week
that Americans just need to work longer
hours
well he must not have met very many
american workers led him to tell that to
the nurse who stands on her feet all day
or the teacher who is in that classroom
or the trucker who drives all night let
him talk about to the fast-food workers
marching in the streets for better pay
they don't need a lecture they need a
raise
the truth is the current rules for our
economy to reward some work like
financial trading for example much more
than other work like actually building
and selling things that work that has
always been the backbone of our economy
to get all incomes rising again we need
to strike a better balance if you work
hard you are to be paid fairly so we do
have to raise the minimum wage and
implement President Obama's new rules on
overtime and then we have to go further
crackdown on bosses who exploit
employees by misclassifying them as
contractors or even steal their wages to
make paycheck stretch we need to take on
the major strain on family budgets I'll
protect the Affordable Care Act and
build on it to lower out-of-pocket
health care costs
and to make prescription drugs more
affordable will help families look
forward to retirement by defending and
enhancing social security and making it
easier to save for the future
how many of these proposals are
time-tested and more than a little
battle-scarred we need new ideas as well
and one that I believe in and will fight
for is profit-sharing hard working
americans deserve to benefit from the
record corporate earnings they help
reduce so I will propose ways to
encourage companies to share profits
with their employees
that's good for workers and good for
businesses studies show that profit
sharing that gives everyone a state in a
company's success can boost productivity
and put money directly into employees
pockets it's a win-win later this week
in new hampshire I'll have more to say
about how we do this another priority
must be performing our tax code now we
hear republican candidates talked a lot
about tax reform but take a good look at
their plans senator Rubio's would cut
taxes for households making around three
million dollars a year by almost
$240,000 which is way more than three
times the earnings of a typical family
well that's a sure budget-busting
giveaway to the super wealthy and that's
the kind of bad economics you're likely
to hear from any of the candidates on
the other side I have a different take
guided by some simple principle first
hard-working families need and deserve
tax relief and simplification second
those at the top half to pay their fair
share that's why I support the Buffett
Rule which make sure that millionaires
don't pay lower rates than their
secretaries I've also called for closing
the carried interest loophole which lets
wealthy financier pay an artificially
low rate and let's agree that hugely
successful companies that benefit from
everything America has to offer
should not be able to game the system
and avoid paying their fair share
especially while companies who can't
afford high-priced lawyers and lobbyists
end up paying more
alongside tax reform it's time to stand
up to efforts across our country to
undermine worker bargaining power which
has been proven again and again to drive
up wages republican governors like Scott
Walker have made their names
stomping on workers rights and
practically all the republican
candidates hope to do the same as
President I will fight back against
these mean-spirited misguided attacks
evidence evidence shows that the decline
of unions may be responsible for a third
of the increase in equality among men
we want to get serious about raising
incomes we have to get serious about
supporting union workers and let me just
say a word here about three the Greek
crisis as well as the Chinese stock
market have reminded us that grows here
at home and growth an ocean away are
linked in a common global economy trade
has been a major driver of the economy
over recent decades but has also
contributed to hollowing out our
manufacturing base and many hard-working
communities so we do need to set a high
bar for trade agreements we should
support them if they create jobs raise
wages and advance our national security
and we should be prepared to walk away
if they don't to create their growth we
need to create opportunity for more
americans I love thing by Abraham
Lincoln who in many ways was not only a
president who saved our union but the
president who understood profoundly the
importance of the middle class and the
importance of government laying its role
in
providing opportunities talked about
giving Americans a fair chance in the
race of life I believe that with all my
heart but I also believe it has to start
really early at birth
high-quality early learning especially
in the first five years and set children
on the course for future success and
raised lifetime incomes by 25% and I'm
every year old in america have access to
high-quality preschool in the next ten
years but i wanna do more I want to call
for a great outpouring of support from
our faith community our business
community are academic institutions from
philanthropy and civic groups and
concerned citizens who really help
parents particularly parents work see
seeing a lot of obstacles to really help
prepare their own children in that 024
age group
eighty percent of your brain is
typically formed by the age of three
that's why families like mine read talk
and sing endlessly to our granddaughter
have said that her first words gonna be
enough with the reading and the copying
of a singing but we do it not only
because we love doing it even though
I'll admit it's a little embarrassing
reading a book to a two-week older
six-week older 10 we go but we do it
because we understand it's building
capacity for learning and the research
shows by the time she enters
kindergarten she will have heard thirty
million more words than a child from a
less advantaged background of what we
are losing because we're not doing
everything we can to reach out to those
families and we know again from so much
research here the United States and
around the world at that early help that
mentoring that intervention
to help those often stressed out young
moms understand more about what they can
do and to avoid the difficulties that
stand in the way of their being able to
really get their child off to the best
possible start we also have to invest in
our students and our teachers at every
level and in the coming weeks and months
I will lay out specific steps to improve
our schools make college truly
affordable and help Americans refinance
their student debt and let's embrace
life long learning in an age of
technological change we need to provide
pathways to get skills who credentials
for new occupations and create online
platforms to connect workers to jobs
there are exciting efforts underway and
I want to support and scale the ones
that show results as we pursue all these
policies we can't forget our fellow
Americans hit so hard and left behind by
this changing world and the inner cities
to call country Indian Country calendar
is universal you find it everywhere but
opportunity is not there are nearly six
million young people aged 16 to 24 in
america today who are not in school or
at work
the numbers for young people of color
are particularly staggering a quarter of
young black men and nearly fifteen
percent of all latino youth cannot find
a job we've got to do a better way of
coming up to match the growing middle
class incomes we want to generate with
more pathways into the middle class I
firmly believe that the best anti
poverty program is a job but that's hard
to say if there aren't enough jobs for
people that were trying to help lift
themselves out of poverty that's why
I've called for reviving the new markets
tax credit and empowerment zones to
create
greater incentives to invest in poor and
remote areas when we're all americans
have the chance to study hard work hard
and share in our country's prosperity
that's their growth it's what I've
always believed in its what I will fight
for as president now the 30 driver of
income alongside strong growth and fear
growth must be long-term growth too many
pressures in our economy push us toward
short-termism many business leaders see
this they've talked to me about it
one is called it the problem of
quarterly capitalism they say
everything's focused on the next
earnings report for the short-term share
price and the result is too little
attention on the sources of long-term
growth research and development physical
capital and talent net business
investment which includes things like
factories machines and research labs
have declined as a share of the economy
in recent years some of our biggest
companies have spent more than half
their earnings to buy back their own
stock and another third or more to pay
dividends doesn't leave a lot left to
raise page or invest in the workers who
made those profits possible or to make
new investments necessary to ensure a
company's future success these trends
need to change and I believe that many
business leaders are eager to embrace
their responsibilities not just today's
share price but also to workers
communities and ultimately to our
country and indeed our planet no I'm not
talking about charity i'm talking about
clear i'd capitalism many companies have
prospered by improving wages and
training their workers that then yields
higher productivity better service and
larger profits now it's easy to try to
cut costs by holding
down or even decreasing pay and other
investments to inflate for daily stock
prices but I would argue that's bad for
business in the long run and it's really
bad for our country
workers are assets investing in them
pays off higher wages payoff training
pays off to help more companies do that
I proposed a new $1,500 tax credit for
every worker they train and hire and I
will soon be proposing a new plan to
reform capital gains taxes to reward
longer-term investments that create jobs
more than just quick trades
I will also propose reforms to help CEOs
and shareholders alike
focus on the next decade rather than
just the next day making sure aren't
being used only for an immediate boost
in share prices empowering outside
investors who want to build companies
but discouraging cut and run
shareholders who act more like
old-school corporate raiders and nowhere
will the shift from short-term to
long-term be more important than on Wall
Street as a former senator from New York
I know firsthand the role that Wall
Street can and should play in our
economy helping Main Street grow and
prosper and boosting new companies that
make America more competitive globally
but as we all know in the years before
the crash
financial firms piled risk upon risk and
regulators in washington either couldn't
or wouldn't keep up I was alarmed by
this gathering storm and called for
addressing the risks of derivatives
cracking down on subprime mortgages and
improving financial oversight under
President Obama's leadership we've
imposed tough new rules that deal with
some of the challenges on wall street
but those rules have been under assault
by republicans in congress and those
running for president I will fight back
against these attacks and protect the
reforms we've made we can do that and
still ease burdens on community banks to
encourage responsible loans to local
people and businesses they know and
trust we also have to go beyond
dodd-frank too many of our major
financial institutions are still too
complex and too risky and the problems
are not limited to the big banks to get
all the headlines serious risks are
emerging from institutions in the
so-called shadow banking system
including hedge funds high-frequency
traders
non-bank finance companies so many new
kinds of entities which received little
oversight at all
stories of misconduct by individuals and
institutions in the financial industry
are shocking HSBC allowing drug cartels
to launder money five major banks
pleading guilty to felony charges for
conspiring to manipulate currency
exchange and interest rates there can be
no justification for tolerance for this
kind of criminal behavior
and in some cases admitted guilt too
often it has seemed that the human
beings responsible get off with limited
consequences or none at all even when
they've already pocketed gains this is
wrong and on my watch it will change
over the course over the course of this
campaign I will offer plans to rein in
excessive risks on wall street and
ensure that stock markets work for
everyday investors not just
high-frequency traders and those with
the best or fastest connections I will
appoint and empower regulators who
understand that too big to fail is still
too big a problem will ensure will
ensure that no firm is too complex to
manage or oversee and we will prosecute
individuals as well as firms when they
commit fraud or other criminal
wrongdoing and when the government
recovers money from corporations or
individuals for harming the public if
you go into a separate trust fund to
benefit the public it could for example
help modernize infrastructure or even be
returned directly to taxpayers now
reform is never easy but we've done it
before in our country and we have to get
it right this time and yes we need
leadership from the financial industry
and across the private sector to join
with us two years ago the head of the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Terry Duffy
published an op-ed in the Wall Street
Journal that really caught my attention
he wrote and i quote I'm concerned that
those of us in financial services have
forgotten who we serve and that the
public knows it
some wall streeters can too easily
into regarding their work as a kind of
money making game divorced and the
concerns of Main Street I think we
should listen to Terry Duffy of course
long-term growth is only possible if the
public sector's steps up as well so it's
time to end the era of budget
brinkmanship and stop careening from one
cell phone inflicted crisis to another
it's time to stop having debates over
the small stuff and focus how we're
going to tackle the big stuff together
how do we respond to technological
change in a way that creates more good
jobs than it displaces or destroys can
we sustain a boom in advanced
manufacturing what are the best ways to
nurture startups outside the successful
corridors like Silicon Valley questions
like these demand for oil and mature
debate from our policymakers in
government from our leaders in the
private sector are economists' are
academics others who can come together
to the table and on behalf of America
performed their patriotic duty to make
sure our economy keeps working and are
middle-class keeps growing
government has to be smarter simpler
more focused itself on long-term
investments than short-term politics and
be a better partner to cities states and
the private sector Washington has to be
a better steward of Americans tax
dollars and Americans trust and please
let's get back to making decisions that
rely on evidence more than ideology
that's what I'll do as president I will
seek out and welcome any good idea that
is actually based on reality I wanna
have principled and pragmatic and
progressive policies that really move us
forward together and I will propose ways
to ensure that our fiscal outlook is
sustainable including by continuing to
restrain health care costs which remain
one of the key drivers of long-term
deficits I will make sure washington
learns from how well local governments
businesses and nonprofits are working
together in successful cities and towns
across America no passing legislation is
not the only way to drive progress as
President I will use the power to
convene connect and collaborate to build
partnerships that actually gets things
done because above all we have to break
out of the poisonous partisan gridlock
and focus on the long-term needs of our
country
I confess maybe it's the grandmother and
me but I believe that part of public
service is planting trees under whose
shade you'll never sit and the vision
I've laid out here today
strong growth hair growth and long-term
growth all working together will get
incomes rising again will help working
families get ahead and stay ahead that
is the test of our time and I'm inviting
everyone to please join me to do your
part that's what great countries do
that's what our country always has done
we rise to challenges it's not about
left right or center about the future
versus the past I'm running for
president to build an america for
tomorrow not yesterday an America built
on growth in fairness and America where
if you do your part you will reap the
rewards where we don't need anyone
I just want one more thought I want
every child every child in our country
not just the grand daughter of a former
president or former secretary of state
but every child to have the chance to
live up to his or her god-given
potential please join me in that mission
let's do it together
thank you all so much

more dangerous path leading to a far
less certain and riskier future that's
why I support this deal I supported as
part of a larger strategy toward Iran by
now the outcome in congress is no longer
in much doubt so we've got to start
looking ahead to what comes next
enforcing the deal deterring Iran and
its proxies and strengthening our allies
these will be my goals as president and
today I want to talk about how I would
achieve them
let me start by saying I understand the
skepticism so many feel about Iran I too
am deeply concerned about Iranian
aggression and the need to confront it
it's a ruthless brutal regime that has
the blood of Americans many others
including its own people on its hands
its political rallies read sound with
cries of death to America its leaders
talk about wiping Israel off the face of
the map most recently just yesterday and
foment terror against it
there is absolutely no reason to trust
iran now Vice President Cheney may hope
that the american people will simply
forget but the truth is by the time
President Obama took office and I became
Secretary of State Iran was racing
toward a nuclear capability they had
mastered the nuclear fuel cycle meaning
that they had the material scientists
and technical know how to create
material for nuclear weapons they had
produced and installed thousands of
centrifuges expanded their secret
facilities established a robust uranium
enrichment program and defied their
international obligations under the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty and
they hadn't suffered many consequences
whose I voted for sanctions again and
again as a senator from New York but
they weren't having much effect most of
the world still did business with Iran
we needed to step up our game so
President Obama and I pursued a
two-prong strategy pressure and
engagement we made it clear that the
door to diplomacy was open if Iran
answer the concerns of the international
community in a serious and credible way
we simultaneously launched a
comprehensive campaign to significantly
raise the cost of Iranian defiance we
systematically increased our military
capabilities in the region
deepening our cooperation with partners
and sending more firepower and
additional aircraft carrier battle ship
strike aircraft and the most advanced
radar and missile defense systems
available
meanwhile I traveled the world capital
by capital leader by leader twisting
arms to help build the global coalition
that produced some of the most effective
sanctions in history with President
Obama's leadership we worked with
congress and the European Union to cut
Iran off from the world economic and
financial system and one by one we
persuaded energy-hungry consumers of
Iranian oil like India and South Korea
to cut back soon
Iran's tankers said rusting in Port its
economy was collapsing these new
measures were effective because we made
them global American sanctions provided
the foundation but Iran didn't really
feel the heat until we turn this into an
international campaign so by adding that
Iran had no choice but to negotiate they
could no longer play off one country
against another they had no place to
hide so they started looking for a way
out I first visited on Mon to speak with
the Sultan of Oman and J
January of 2011 went back later that
year assault on helped set up a secret
back channel I set one of my closest
aides as part of a small team to begin
talks with the iranians in secret
negotiations began in earnest after the
Iranian election in 2013
first the bilateral talks led by Deputy
Secretary bill burns and Jake Sullivan
that led to the interim agreement then
the multilateral talks led by secretary
John Kerry secretary Ernie Moniz and
undersecretary Wendy Sherman now there's
a comprehensive agreement on Iran's
nuclear program is it perfect of course
not no agreement like this ever is but
is it a strong agreement yes it is and
we absolutely should not turn it down
the merits of the deal have been well
argued so I won't go through them in
great detail here the bottom line is
that it accomplishes the major goals we
set out to achieve it blocks every
pathway Iran to get a bomb and it gives
us better tools for verification and
inspection and to compel rigorous
compliance without a deal
Iran's breakout time how long they need
to produce enough material for a nuclear
weapon which ring to a couple of months
with a deal that breakout time stretches
to a year which means that if Iran
cheats will know it and we'll have time
to respond decisively without a deal we
would have no credible inspections of
Iran's nuclear facilities with a deal
will have unprecedented access we'll be
able to monitor every aspect of their
nuclear program now some have expressed
concern that certain nuclear
restrictions expire after 15 years and
we need to be vigilant about that which
I'll talk more about in a moment
but other parts are permanent including
Iran's obligations under the
non-proliferation treaty and their
commitment to enhanced inspections under
the Additional Protocol others have
expressed concern that it could take up
to 24 days to gain access to some of
Iran's facilities when we suspected
cheating I'd be the first to say that
this part of the deal is not perfect
although the deal does allow for daily
access to enrichment facilities and
monitoring of the entire nuclear fuel
cycle important to focus on that because
being able to monitor the supply chain
is critical to what we will find out and
how we will be able to respond but our
experts tell us that even with delayed
access to some places this deal does the
job
microscopic nuclear particles remain for
years and years they are impossible to
hide that's why secretary Moniz a
nuclear physicist has confidence in this
plan and some have suggested that we
just go back to the negotiating table
and get a better unspecified to you I
can certainly understand why that may
sound appealing but as someone who
started these talks in the first place
and built our global coalition
piece-by-piece I can assure you it is
not realistic plus if we walk away now
our capacity to sustain and enforce
sanctions will be severely diminished we
will be blamed
not the iranians so if we were to reject
this Agreement Iran would be poised to
get nearly everything it wants without
giving up a thing no restrictions on
their nuclear program no real warning if
Tehran suddenly rushes toward a bomb and
the international sanctions regime would
fall apart so no more economic
sequences for Iran either those of us
who have been out there on the
diplomatic front lines know that
diplomacy is not the pursuit of
perfection
it's the balancing of risk and on
balance the far riskier course right now
would be to walk away
great powers can't just junk agreements
and expect the rest of the world to go
along with us we need to be reasonable
and consistent and we need to keep our
word especially when we're trying to
lead a coalition that's how we'll make
this and future deals work but it's not
enough just to say yes to this deal of
course it is it we have to say yes and
yes and we will enforce it with vigor
and vigilance yes and we will embed it
in a broader strategy to confront Iran's
bad behavior in the region yes and we
will begin from day one to set the
conditions so Iran knows it will never
be able to get a nuclear weapon not
during the term of the agreement not
after not ever we need to be clear and I
think we have to make that very clear to
Iran about what we expect from them this
is not the start of some larger
diplomatic opening and we shouldn't
expect that this deal will lead to
broader changes in their behavior that
shouldn't be a promise or proceeding
instead we need to be prepared for three
scenarios first Iran tries to cheat
something it's been quite willing to do
in the past second Iran tries to wait us
out perhaps it wait to move for 15 years
when some but not all restrictions
expire and 3rd year on ramps up its
dangerous behavior in the region
including its support for terrorist
groups like hamas
hola I believe that the success of this
deal has a lot to do with how the next
president grapples with these challenges
so let me tell you what I would do my
starting point will be one of just trust
you remember president reagan's line
about the soviets trust but verify my
approach will be distrust and verify we
should anticipate that Iran will test
the next president they'll want to see
how far they can bend the rules that
won't work if I'm in the white house
hold the line against Iranian
non-compliance that means penalties even
for small violations keeping our allies
on board but being willing to snap back
sanctions into place unilaterally if we
have to working with Congress to close
any gaps in the sanctions right now
members of congress are offering
proposals to that effect and I think the
current administration should work with
them to see whether there are additional
steps that could be taken finally it
means ensuring that the IAEA has the
resources it needs from finances to
personnel to equipment to hold Iran's
feet to the fire but the most important
thing we can do to keep Iran from
cheating or trying to wait us out is to
shape Iranian expectations right from
the start the iranians and the world
need to understand that we will act
decisively if we need to so here's my
message to Iran's years the united
states will never allow you to acquire a
nuclear weapon as President I will take
whatever actions are necessary to
protect the United States and our allies
I will not hesitate to take military
action if Iran attempts to obtain a
nuclear weapon and I will set up my
successor to be able to credibly make
the same
which we will make clear to Iran that
our national commitment to prevention
will not waver depending on who's in
office its permanent and should it
become necessary in the future
having exhausted peaceful alternatives
to turn to military force we will have
preserved and in some cases enhanced our
capacity to act and because we have
proven our commitment to diplomacy first
the world more likely join us then
there's the broader issue of countering
Iran's bad behavior across the region
taking nuclear weapons out of the
equation is crucial because in Iran with
nuclear weapons is so much more
dangerous than in Iran without them but
even without nuclear weapons we still
see Iran's fingerprints on nearly every
conflict across the Middle East they
support bad actors from Syria to Lebanon
TN they vowed to destroy Israel and
that's worth saying again they've to
destroy Israel we cannot ever take that
lightly particularly when iran ships at
Vance missiles to Hezbollah and the
ayatollah outlines an actual strategy
for eliminating Israel for talks about
how Israel won't exist and twenty-five
years just like he did today and in
addition to all the malicious activity
they already under right we've got to
anticipate that Iran could use some of
the economic relief they get from this
deal to pay for even more so as
President I will raise the costs for
their actions and confront them across
the board my strategy will be based on 5
strong pillars first I will deepen
america's unshakable commitment to
Israel's security including our
longstanding tradition
guaranteeing israel's qualitative
military edge increase support for
israeli rocket and missile defenses and
for intelligence sharing I'll sell
Israel the most sophisticated fighter
aircraft ever developed the f35 will
work together to develop and implement
better tunnel detection technology to
prevent arms smuggling and kidnapping as
well as the strongest possible missile
defense system for northern Israel which
has been subjected to hezbollah attacks
for years I will reaffirm that the
Persian Gulf is a region of vital
interest to the United States we don't
want any of Iran's neighbors to develop
or acquire a nuclear weapons program
either so we want them to feel and be
secure I will sustain a robust military
presence in the region especially our
air and naval forces will keep the
Strait of Hormuz open will increase
security cooperation with our Gulf
allies including intelligence sharing
military support and missile defense to
ensure they can defend against Iranian
aggression even if that takes the form
of cyber attacks or other
non-traditional threats Iran should
understand that the united states and I
as president will not stand by as our
Gulf allies and partners are threatened
we will act third I will build a
coalition to counter Iran's proxies
particularly hezbollah that means
enforcing and strengthening the rules
prohibiting the transfer of weapons to
Hezbollah looking at new ways to choke
off their funding and pressing our
partners to treat Hezbollah as a
terrorist organization it is it's time
to eliminate the false distinction that
some still make between the supposed
political and military wings if you're
part of hezbollah you're part of a
terrorist organization
plane
and simple beyond hezbollah crackdown on
the shipment of weapons to Hamas and
pushed Turkey and got her to end their
financial support our press our partners
in the region to prevent aircraft and
ships owned by companies linked to
Iran's Revolutionary Guard from entering
their territories and urge our partners
to block Iranian planes entering their
airspace on their way to Yemen and Syria
across the board I will vigorously
enforce and strengthened if necessary
the American sanctions on Iran and its
revolutionary guard for its sponsorship
of terrorism its ballistic missile
program and other destabilizing
activities all enforce and strengthened
if necessary
are restrictions on sending arms to iran
and from Iran to bad actors like Syria
and all imposes these sanctions on
everyone involved in these activities
whether they're in iran or overseas this
will be a special imperative as some of
the UN sanctions laps to the USA and our
partners have to step up fourth I'll
stand as I always have against Iran's
abuses at home from its detention of
political prisoners to its crackdown on
freedom of expression including online
it's inhumane policies hold back
talented and spirited people are coral
is not and never has been with the
Iranian people they'd have a bright
future a hopeful future if they weren't
held back by their leaders as I've said
before I think we were too restrained
and our support of the protests in June
2009 and in our condemnation of the
government crackdown that followed that
won't happen again we will enforce and
if need be
broaden our human rights sanctions and I
will not rest until every single
American detained or missing in iran is
home fifth
just to the nuclear agreement needs to
be embedded in a broader Iran policy are
broader Iran policy needs to be embedded
in a comprehensive regional strategy
that promote stability and counters
extremism tehran like Isis benefits from
chaos and strife and exploit other
countries weaknesses and the best
defense against Iran are the countries
and governments being strong that they
can provide security and economic
opportunity to their own people and they
must have the tools to push back on
radicalization and extremism helping
countries get there will take time and
strategic discipline but it's crucial
that the United States leads this effort
I will push for renewed diplomacy to
solve the destructive regional conflicts
that Iran fuels we have to bring
sufficient pressure on Assad to force a
political solution in Syria including a
meaningful increase in our efforts to
train and equip the moderate Syrian
opposition something I called for early
in the conflict in the United States
must lead and assisting those who have
been uprooted by conflict especially the
millions of Syrian refugees now the
seating the world to help them as Pope
Francis has reminded reminded us this is
an international problem that demands an
international response United States
must help lead that response that's who
we are and that's what we do our
strategy needs to cover all these bases
Iran's nuclear ambitions and its support
of terrorism it's hatred of Israel and
its cruelty toward its citizens its
military resources and its economic
strengths and weaknesses we need to be
creative
committed and vigilant and on every
front we need to keep working closely
with our friends and partners on that
note let me just been a minute speaking
about the serious concerns that Israel's
leaders have about this deal
israel has every reason to be alarmed by
a regime that both denies its existence
and seeks its destruction I would not
support this agreement for one second
five thought it put Israel in greater
danger I believe in my cord that Israel
and America must stand side-by-side and
I will I will always stand by Israel's
right to defend itself as I always have
I believe this deal and a joint strategy
for enforcing it makes Israel safer I
say that with humility I'm not israeli I
don't know what it's like to live under
constant threat from your neighbors in a
country where the margin for error is so
thin I know that my saying this deal
makes you safer won't alleviate the very
real fears of the israeli people but I
have stood for israeli security for a
very long time it was one of my bedrock
principles as secretary of state that's
why I supported stronger defense systems
like Iron Dome anti rocket defense
system which proved so effective in
protecting israeli lives during the
conflicts of 2012 and last summer it's
why I've worked closely with Israel to
advance the two-state vision of a Jewish
and democratic Israel was secure and
recognized borders and it's why I
believe we should expedite negotiations
of a long-term military assistance
agreement with israel let's not wait
until 2017 when the current deal expires
let's get it done this year I would
invite israeli prime minister to the
White House during my first month in
office talk about all of these issues
and to set us on a course of closed
frequent consultation right from the
start because we both rely on each other
for support as partners allies and
friends this isn't just about policy for
me it is personal as president I'm
committed to shoring up and
strengthening the relationship between
our countries we have had honest
disagreements about this deal now is the
time to come together
now is the time to remember what unites
us and build upon it and so I know well
that the same forces that threaten
Israel threaten the united states and
the people of Israel let me say you'll
never have to question whether we're
with you
the United States will always be with
you there have also been honest
disagreements about the nuclear deal
here at home
smart serious people and see issues like
these differently like my friend chuck
schumer who's going to be an excellent
leader in the senate I respect the
skepticism that he and others feel and I
respect differences of opinion and
people who advocated vigorously for
their beliefs but I have a harder time
respecting those who approached an issue
as serious as this with on serious talk
especially anyone running to be
president of the united states several
Republican candidates boast tear up this
agreement in 2017 more than a year after
its been implemented that's not
leadership that's recklessness it would
set us right down the very dangerous
path we've worked so hard to avoid I'm
looking forward to a robust debate about
foreign policy in this campaign where we
have disagreements we should lay them
out like if american ground forces in
Iraq should engage in direct combat as
Scott Walker wants or if we should keep
cuba closed as Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush
want let's debate these issues but let's
debate them on the basis of facts not
fear let's resist denigrating the
patriotism or loyalty of those who
disagree with us and let's avoid at all
costs
undermining america's credibility abroad
that only makes us weaker and I'm going
to call it out whenever I see it
I spent four years representing America
abroad as america Secretary of State was
one of the greatest privileges of my
life and knowing that my fellow
Americans were counting on me and
rooting for me not as democrats not as
republicans but as Americans meant a
great deal we are all one team the
American team and that doesn't change no
matter how much we might disagree and i
can tell you from personal experience we
are stronger overseas when we are united
at home so we simply have to find a way
to work together better than we have
been doing there's a lot of Democrats
and Republicans can and should agree on
the United States should lead in the
middle east we can agree on that we
should stand by our friends against
Iranian aggression we can agree on that
too I believe that the plan I've laid
out today as one that all Americans
could endorse and I hope they will the
next president will face threats from
many porters from those we see today
like terrorism from Isis aggressiveness
from Putin pandemics like ebola to all
those we can't predict yet we need a
leader who has a strong vision for the
future and the skill and determination
to get us there we can't stop the world
from changing but we can help to shape
those changes and we can do that by
leading with strength smarts on yielding
commitment to our values no I saw that
when I was first lady senators secretary
of state that when america leads with
principal and purpose other people and
governments are eager to join us
no country comes close to matching are
advantages the strength of our economy
the skill of our workforce our tradition
of innovation our unmatched network of
alliances and partnerships so we are
poised to remain the world's most
admired and powerful nation for a long
time
if we make the smart choices and
practice smart leadership that's what I
will try to do as your president and I
believe as strongly as ever that our
best days are ahead of us and that
America's greatest contributions to the
world are yet to come
thank you all very much more dangerous
path leading to a far less certain and
riskier future that's why I support this
deal I supported as part of a larger
strategy toward Iran by now the outcome
in congress is no longer in much doubt
so we've got to start looking ahead to
what comes next
enforcing the deal deterring Iran and
its proxies and strengthening our allies
these will be my goals as president and
today I want to talk about how I would
achieve them
let me start by saying I understand the
skepticism so many feel about Iran I too
am deeply concerned about Iranian
aggression and the need to confront it
it's a ruthless regime that has the
blood of Americans many others including
its own people on its hands its
political rallies read sound with cries
of death to America its leaders talk
about wiping Israel off the face of the
map most recently just yesterday and
foment terror against it
there is absolutely no reason to trust
iran now Vice President Cheney may hope
that the american people will simply
forget but the truth is by the time
President Obama took office and I became
Secretary of State Iran was racing
toward a nuclear capability they had
mastered the nuclear fuel cycle meaning
that they had the material scientists
and technical know how to create
material for nuclear weapons they had
produced and installed thousands of
centrifuges expanded their secret
facilities established a robust uranium
enrichment program and defied their
international obligations under the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty and
they hadn't suffered many consequences I
voted for sanctions again and again as a
senator from New York but they weren't
having much effect most of the world
still did business with Iran we needed
to step up our game so President Obama
and I pursued a two pronged strategy
pressure and engagement we made it clear
that the door to diplomacy was open if
Iran answer the concerns of the
international community in a serious and
credible way we simultaneously launched
a comprehensive campaign to
significantly raise the cost of Iranian
defy its we systematically increased our
military capabilities in the region
deepening our cooperation with partners
and sending more firepower and
additional aircraft carrier battle ship
strike aircraft and the most advanced
radar and missile defense systems
available
meanwhile I traveled the world capital
by capital leader by leader twisting
arms to help build the global coalition
that produced some of the most effective
sanctions in history with President
Obama's leadership we worked with
diplomatic opening and we shouldn't
expect that this deal will lead to
broader changes in their behavior that
shouldn't be a promise for proceeding
instead we need to be prepared for three
scenarios first Iran tries to cheat
something it's been quite willing to do
in the past second Iran tries to wait us
out perhaps it wait to move for 15 years
when some but not all restrictions
inspire and 3rd year on ramps up its
dangerous behavior in the region
including its support for terrorist
groups like Hamas and Hezbollah I
believe that the success of this deal
has a lot to do with how the next
president grapples with these challenges
so let me tell you what I would do my
starting point will be one of just trust
you remember president reagan's line
about the soviets trust but verify my
approach will be distrust and verify we
should anticipate that Iran will test
the next president they'll want to see
how far they can bend the rules that
won't work if I'm in the white house
hold the line against Iranian
non-compliance that means penalties even
for small violations keeping our allies
on board but being willing to snap back
sanctions into place unilaterally if we
have to working with Congress to close
any gaps in the sanctions right now
members of congress are offering
proposals to that effect and I think the
current administration should work with
them to see whether there are additional
steps that could be taken finally it
means ensuring that the IAEA has the
resources it needs from finances to
personnel to equipment to hold Iran's
feet to the fire but the most important
thing we can do to keep Iran from
cheating or trying to wait us out is to
shape the Iranian expectations right
from the start the iranians and the
world to understand that we will act
decisively if we need to so here's my
message to Iran's lear's United States
will never allow you to acquire a
nuclear weapon as President I will take
whatever actions are necessary to
protect the United States and our allies
I will not hesitate to take military
action if Iran attempts to obtain a
nuclear weapon and I will set up my
successor to be able to credibly make
the same latch we will make clear to
Iran that our national commitment to
prevention will not waver depending on
who's in office its permanent and should
it become necessary in the future
having exhausted peaceful alternatives
to turn to military force we will have
preserved and in some cases enhanced our
capacity to act and because we have
proven our commitment to diplomacy first
the world more likely join us
Congress and the European Union to cut
Iran off from the world economic and
financial system and one by one we
persuaded energy-hungry consumers of
Iranian oil like India and South Korea
to cut back soon
Iran's tankers said rusting in Port its
economy was collapsing these new
measures were effective because we made
them global American sanctions provided
the foundation but Iran didn't really
feel the heat until we turn this into an
international campaign so by adding that
Iran had no choice but to negotiate they
could no longer play off one country
against another they had no place to
hide so they started looking for a way
out I first visited on Mon to speak with
the Sultan of Oman and January of 2011
went back later that year assault on
helped set up a secret back channel I
sent one of my closest aides as part of
a small team to begin talks with the
iranians in secret negotiations began in
earnest after the Iranian election in
first the bilateral talks led by Deputy
Secretary bill burns and Jake Sullivan
that led to the interim agreement then
the multilateral talks led by secretary
John Kerry secretary Ernie Moniz and
undersecretary Wendy Sherman now there's
a comprehensive agreement on Iran's
nuclear program is it perfect of course
not no agreement like this ever is but
is it a strong agreement yes it is and
we absolutely should not turn it down
the merits of the deal have been well
argued so I won't go through them in
great detail here the bottom line is
that it accomplishes the major goals we
set out to achieve it blocks every
pathway Iran to get a bomb and it gives
us better tools for verification and
inspection and to compel rigorous
compliance without a deal
Iran's breakout time how long they need
to produce enough material for a nuclear
weapon which ring to a couple of months
with a deal that breakout time stretches
to a year which means that if Iran
cheats will know it and we'll have time
to respond decisively without a deal we
would have no credible inspections of
Iran's nuclear facilities with a deal
will have unprecedented access we'll be
able to monitor every aspect of their
nuclear program now some have expressed
concern that certain nuclear
restrictions expire after 15 years and
we need to be vigilant about that which
I'll talk more about in a moment but
other parts are permanent including your
eyes obligations under the
non-proliferation treaty and their
commitment to enhanced inspections under
the Additional Protocol other then
there's the broader issue of countering
Iran's bad behavior across the region
taking nuclear weapons out of the
equation is crucial because in Iran with
nuclear weapons
opens is so much more dangerous than in
Iran without them but even without
nuclear weapons we still see Iran's
fingerprints on nearly every conflict
across the Middle East they support bad
actors from Syria to Lebanon TN they
vowed to destroy Israel and that's worth
saying again they've to destroy Israel
we cannot ever take that lightly
particularly when iran ships at Vance
missiles to Hezbollah and the ayatollah
outlines an actual strategy for
eliminating Israel for talks about how
Israel won't exist and twenty-five years
just like he did today and in addition
to all the malicious activity they
already under right we've got to
anticipate that Iran could use some of
the economic relief they get from this
deal to pay for even more so as
President I will raise the costs for
their actions and confront them across
the board my strategy will be based on 5
strong pillars first I will deepen
america's unshakable commitment to
Israel's security including our
longstanding tradition of guaranteeing
israel's qualitative military edge
increase support for israeli rocket and
missile defenses and for intelligence
sharing I'll sell Israel the most
sophisticated fighter aircraft ever
developed the f35 will work together to
develop and implement better tunnel
detection technology to prevent arms
smuggling and kidnapping as well as the
strongest possible missile defense
system for northern Israel which has
been subjected to hezbollah attacks for
years I will reaffirm that the Persian
Gulf is a region of vital interest to
the United States we don't want any of
Iran's neighbors to develop or acquire a
nuclear weapons program either
ur so we want them to feel and be secure
I will sustain a robust military
presence in the region especially our
air and naval forces will keep the
Strait of Hormuz open will increase
security cooperation with our Gulf
allies including intelligence sharing
military support and missile defense to
ensure they can defend against Iranian
aggression even if that takes the form
of cyber attacks or other
non-traditional threats Iran should
understand that the united states and I
as president will not stand by as our
Gulf allies and partners are threatened
we will act third I will build a
coalition to counter Iran's proxies
particularly hezbollah that means
enforcing and strengthening the rules
prohibiting the transfer of weapons to
Hezbollah looking at new ways to choke
off their funding and pressing our
partners to treat have expressed concern
that it could take up to 24 days to gain
access to some of Iran's facilities when
we suspected cheating I'd be the first
to say that this part of the deal is not
perfect although the deal does allow for
daily access to enrichment facilities
and monitoring of the entire nuclear
fuel cycle important to focus on that
because being able to monitor the supply
chain is critical to what we will find
out and how we will be able to respond
but our experts tell us that even with
delayed access to some places this deal
does the job
microscopic nuclear particles remain for
years and years they are impossible to
hide that's why secretary Moniz a
nuclear physicist has confidence in this
plan and some have suggested that we
just go back to the negotiating table
and get a better unspecified to you
I can certainly understand why that may
sound appealing but as someone who
started these talks in the first place
and built our global coalition
piece-by-piece I can assure you it is
not realistic plus if we walk away now
our capacity to sustain and enforce
sanctions will be severely diminished we
will be blamed
not the iranians so if we were to a
reject this Agreement Iran would be
poised to get nearly everything it wants
without giving up a thing no
restrictions on their nuclear program no
real warning if Tehran suddenly rushes
toward a bomb and the international
sanctions regime would fall apart so no
more economic consequences for Iran
either those of us who have been out
there on the diplomatic front lines know
that diplomacy is not the pursuit of
perfection
it's the balancing of risk and on
balance the far riskier course right now
would be to walk away
great powers can't just jump agreements
and expect the rest of the world to go
along with us we need to be reasonable
and consistent and we need to keep our
word especially when we're trying to
lead a coalition that's how we'll make
this and future deals work but it's not
enough just to say yes to this deal of
course it isn't we have to say yes and
yes and we will enforce it with vigor
and vigilance yes and we will embed it
in a broader strategy to confront Iran's
bad behavior in the region yes and we
will begin from day one to set the
conditions so Iran knows it will never
be able to get a nuclear weapon not
during the term of the agreement not
after not ever we need to be clear and I
think we have to make that very clear to
Iran
about what we expect from them this is
not the start of some larger

least a year college campus 30,000
students here I want to thank for his
choice to help us get organized and
Florida so when the primary and I think
respect to hear all the other elected
officials it's exciting for me to have
this opportunity to talk to you about
this campaign to the country's future
and really to all of you but I also want
to thank you for doing what Darnell is
doing and that it has registered to vote
active in the campaign working chill at
your candidate hopefully need and
and everybody you can about why this
election is so important now you know
there's a lot of issues to talk about I
want to say my campaign is focused on
making sure that works to raise incomes
and provides jobs
everybody willing to work hard and do
your part and excited about that because
I believe I say this because I know all
the facts backed me up yet tried it
works better for america and americans
we have a Democrat in the White House
and certainly look at all at the
statistics now go back a long way
unemployment is higher than the stock
market is higher when I republicanism
the White House you are or more times as
likely to have a recession now I don't
want to go all the way back to the
beginning of our country to prove this
let's just take the last 35 years five
presidents Republicans and two Democrats
I know both of those democrats I will
tell you each of problems from their
republican predecessors in my husband's
case with a little better than the
national debt quadrupled in just 12
years from George Washington to rattle
two world wars as civil war lots of
other stuff and then to terms of George
W Bush and the deficit had gone way it
looked like there were problems in the
economy so my husband took a look at all
of that got elected he said to me it's
so much worse than they told us and
somebody asked what do you think you
unique to washington cause he said we're
gonna get this to measure up again and
work for americans and at the end of
eight years we had 23 million new jobs
and most importantly incomes went up for
everybody not just people at the top in
the middle for people and we ended up
with a balanced budget surplus well
another republican president and they
went back to the failed policies of
trickle-down economics didn't know the
enemy year's deficit was back up back up
and we were facing the worst financial
crisis since the Great Depression and
the financial markets and the mortgage
markets and you know what happened
shortly after the 2008 election I got a
call from President Obama asked to come
see him in Chicago I didn't know why I
turned out to be secretary of state
which was very exciting and there goes
it so much worse than they told her that
before and indeed it was nearly 800,000
jobs
auto industry was on the brink of
collapse
all those jobs all the way down the
supply chain and the president we've got
problems around the world and we have
big problems here at home to get this
economy out of the ditch and that's why
you don't deal with secretary of state
issues and I'm gonna focus on the
economy and that's what we did and
that's what he did know the republicans
want us to have a case of collective
amnesia and forget it was therefore they
put us in that big ditch so now we are
going out there covered 13 million jobs
growth rate this last so we're standing
running again my husband or I'm gonna do
what we gotta get wages going up again
their hard work is paying for them and
their families
obviously we have to raise the minimum
wage and poverty we have to do more than
we gotta do more action incentivize
profit-sharing so when people work hard
and their work helps reduce profits
those profits are shared not just with
workers actually how is my mission when
it comes to me and I want to also see s
really good jobs for people how we gonna
do that no one of the ways you're gonna
do I change my transition to clean
energy jobs and the people you are out
of all these weather related of this but
we need to be pessimistic determined
about some states are really already
moving toward
clean renewable energy and I was yes and
they are already getting thirty percent
of their electricity from wind I just
came from Massachusetts which is not
known as a steady state like Florida and
they ranked number for the country and
solar power I'm hoping to get
sidetracked when it comes to win comes
just solar it comes to advanced biofuels
and the people who say well that might
hurt the economy or the republican
candidates when they're asked about
climate change you know what they say
I'm not a scientist my response to that
is actually hear what they have to say
opportunity it shouldn't be seen as a
dress to be seen as a way to lift our
sights do what we should do jobs
businesses make money doing it now
except two big goals as I want to see a
half a billion more solar panels and by
the end of my second enough clean energy
power every home in america cited by
this challenge and I want everybody to
think about what you can do when you're
in your home and your business working
at your city your state and at the
national level something that your jobs
I want to have what's called the
infrastructure and way 25 doing what we
ought to do a chain and repair roads but
not just roads bridges that are falling
apart we had sewer lines gas pipelines
we have a lot of work to do this country
and its good work and ignoring you hear
from you
as day I was privileged to represent in
the United States
you know a lot of our infrastructure is
a hundred and fifty years old some of
the channels
other things going on the ground their
old exploding time to get ahead of it
and i also believe that if we are
serious about growing our economy and
increasing incomes than we want to make
sure women get equal pay you know that's
right let's break it in every kiss and
every workplace in america know and I
get letters all the time
women were really frustrated they're
helping to support their families or
maybe there this their stories and
that's what to do with how they can be
treated fairly and equally to make this
point this is a woman's issue because
women are disadvantaged but it's a
family issue and its economic issue
people are trying to be more if we
actually do what we should be doing
anyway
now the republicans are always whenever
I talk about this there she goes as
planned the gender
advocating for equal pay for equal work
is playing the gender card deal because
that
is the central focus of what I want to
do as president
everything else kind of adds up to the
education for example I want to make
sure we do what we must to improve
elementary and secondary education I
think the best way to begin is by
actually listening to respecting
teachers who are the ones with the kids
all day you have the ideas they should
be first in line and they will be around
any help me figure out what we do that
we will not as competitive education as
we want to be and we don't have early
childhood education
five years my kids to be successful or
not
now look I have this amazing wonderful
grandchild we gonna be enough with the
reading in the talking in this we do it
because we love to do it because we know
it literally built eighty percent of
your brain is for many age of 30 every
kid shot the same chance to be
successful we do universal
prekindergarten program and we need to
start with kids will have the biggest
challenges you have the biggest
disadvantages obstacles so that every
kid has a level playing field that
ladder of opportunity you know I think
every person should have the same right
to his or her god-given potential and I
happen to be a challenge is you is
universally opportunity is all I can to
make sure our smallest our youngest
citizens have a chance and then on the
other end we are affordable and you're
going to get all the chance to refinance
your dad and it's just not right
refinance your mortgage payment why
can't you answer student debt i dont
federal government money
education and it won't surprise you to
know I'm a big fan of community colleges
to do everything I can to make sure we
implement President Obama's plan to make
community college now when it comes to
help because it's working
million people are getting health care
and young people get to stay on their
parents policies until they're 26 which
is a very big help to a lot of the
families that I need to bring the cost
out of pocket and prescription drugs 12
percent last year so I had put forth a
plan to bring them now but it was my
plan was the very same day and I managed
to raise the price of $13.50 a pill to
$750 85,000 percent increase we can
sustain this we handle on prescription
drug costs and we've got
make it possible for medicare to
negotiate with drug companies to
taxpayers you and I we pay for the NIH
we pay for some of the clinical trials
conducted we pay for the FDA which
decides whether drug is safe and
effective and then we pay the higher
prices for those drives during the
negotiating price if you're in Europe
and Australia America maybe you're from
northern New York I was your senator I
used to go up to the border and see
busloads of people crossing the border
to buy the very same we can continue to
pay for the drugs we developed we have
got to rate this in a plan to do that
let me say you think about the
Affordable Care Act is just stressing
too many others dates refused to expand
Medicaid to cover more time looking here
in order as many as 650,000 people
coverage and your manicure you are
people without insurance means people
who get preventive care emergency makes
no sense that it would reconsider your
governor and the republicans in
Tallahassee
said no no no no families no fairness
and to make matters worse because they
said no
refused to expand Medicaid people are
set to working people people people are
disproportionately left out it makes no
economic sense it makes no mistakes and
expanded it they are actually see lower
insurance rate increases and they're not
seeing as many emergency room visits and
other expensive problems so I'm gonna
let the republicans kill the Affordable
Care Act to repeal it certainly stand in
their way but I want to improve it
that's why a lot of pocket policy
prescription drug three other issues
that we're having a caregiving crisis in
this country is only going to get worse
than people who need to share memories
are taking care of their loved ones are
some of you or somebody in your family
have so little health care daycare help
caregivers get the care they need to
take care of their we had a substance
abuse epidemic in America other
prescription drugs and people are dying
18 to 22 Veterans Day a lot of them came
back and they didn't get the care they
need it but they got hit a bunch of
pills they got hooked so our job has to
be how to get more prevention or
treatment or so people can get into
recovery right now 23
million people who are addicted only one
can get any coverage so I think we've
got to do more to have parity with
mental health mental health is an
expensive problem a lot of people end up
in prison because they have health
problems that are not treated in a self
medicate using so these are expensive
and hard braking problems but I'm
convinced that we can tempt them
together I'm also going to have to stand
up for our fundamental rights or civil
rights because the other side against
marriage equality and against
discrimination and for everybody and it
can states that are trying to restrict
and I will try to overturn Citizens I
will fight to get I believe it's in the
best interest of our criminal justice
and to pull away because matter
fight is just heartbreaking it is
sickening to me another massacre people
should not have to be a way to go to
college and go to the movie study we
can't stand up just tragic just need to
pray for people we need to ask every
time there's another massacre
republicans in the NRA is not the time
to talk about guns and more than
republicans keep refusing to protect our
communities of american families it is
wrong to make every politician whose
them to look into the eyes of parents
whose children have been murder and
explain why they listen to the damn
lobby is well aware I'm well aware that
this is done in this country if you
don't start by talking it out and we
have had to
many murders too many people who should
have never gone in the first
whatever their rage their their mental
problems by killing other people I
didn't work on this national I don't
think they represent a majority of
Americans having an intense dedicated
care politicians and we will vote
against you on the other side and
disgusting care about a lot of other
issues about college affordability we
are not seen minded voters care about
this issue there are a lot of ways
institution restriction my husband
passed the brady bill eliminated assault
weapons for we're going to take the mom
took them out of the nineties on again
and I help you do that so we have a lot
of work to do that's why we're getting
started here in Florida and I want each
and every one of you to be involved in
this campaign because I do we have to
have an agenda for change and then we
have to reach as many people as we can
to make the case
change we want to see what has worked to
take it further and not let the
republicans rip away the progress with
their out of date out of
such ideas and turn where we have
challenges around the world that's why I
think my experience as secretary of
state and they said are from New York is
especially pertinent to what we're gonna
have to do to make sure we remain safe
and secure with our values and in
pursuit of our interest today to tell
you what gets me up
keeps me going out about my
granddaughter not just what kind of
everything we can to make it to be
that's not enough people should become
an adult world will be waiting
granddaughter of my grandfather went to
work in this crap they work hard to
support his family but also because he
wanted his better ways to college my dad
became a small businessman is really
small business but he worked hard this
year I am generation that's what's
supposed to happen in America whatever
you might be I don't think it's enough
that my grandma owner will have
opportunities and the granddaughter of
former president has a chance to
attention should also apply to the
granddaughters affecting every other
person in america every single day
working to make sure every child and
every
person has the chance to win if you help
me that is what we will do thank you

good afternoon my husband Jackson and I
raising
three boys Michael 16 William
14 Jack 10 since they were very little
we taught them to be advocates for
themselves those
issues they believe in and those that
may be on the fringe
society not in other words we're raising
boys
who we hope will be fighters for those
things
and people they believe in that is
exactly
the kinda person who belongs in the
white house the
Jackson and I want to have a president
for our boy
your children your grandchildren
and knows that do not have a voice to
ensure
right and vibrant future who will fight
to create an economy for tomorrow
who will fight to make our families and
communities stronger
who will fight to make sure each our
nation is secure
from the growing threat terrorism who
will fight for campaign finance reform
so that our government is on by it the
and not my handful
the wealthiest in this country the
and selfishly as I
when who will fight to help us rebuild
our party
here in Iowa so are state can once again
offering
leaders like Tom Vilsack and Tom Harkin
the
go Hillary you have proven yourself
to be that fighter
I know you will fight my voice and all
my 96-year-old
Nana Kennedy passed away five years ago
she had hoped she would live long enough
to see a woman president
she believed that present that woman
would be you and she had the best
political instincts anyone I know she
was right
it is going to be you the
and because bad it is my deep honor
introduce to you the next president
the United States the
care thank you for that introduction
thank you for being committed
to the right values fighting for them
in the political arena in your home
across this state and country I have to
tell you I am thrilled to be here to see
olive you it is a special treat to be
here
not only that day after I kicked off the
form a part of my camp
but to be here on flag day
because after all
we care deeply about the country we love
and we cherish
and political campaigns should be about
what kind of future
we can create together for
ourselves most particularly our children
and our grandchildren
now over the past month I've been
listening
to what you here and I'll have to say
Inc and coffee shops in community
colleges
in businesses I've heard you share
worries about the economy
still seems stack those top
but I've also heard about your hopes
for your family's and our country
I met a single mom juggling a job in
classes at community college while
raising three kids
she doesn't expect anything to come
easy but she did ask me what more can be
done
so it isn't quite so hard for families
like hers
I believe the answer lies in the basic
bargain
America if you do your part you ought to
be able to get ahead
and when everybody does their part
America
gets ahead
bargain inspired generations families
including
my own it's what kept my grandfather
going to work
as a factory worker in the same lace
mill in Scranton Pennsylvania
every day for fifty years it's what led
my father to believe that if
scram and say he could start a small
business
bringing drapery fabric in Chicago
and could provide us with the middle
class life
and he did and as much as our world has
changed
the structure of our economy and the
shape our families and so much more
bad basic bargain still holds the key
to our prosperity here in Iowa and
across the country
americans are working themselves back
from economic crisis that exploded
because time-tested values
were replaced by false promises you know
what they were
instead a min economy bill by every
American
for every american we were told that
if we let those at the top pay lower
taxes
and band the rules their success
with trickle-down to everyone else
and we know how that worked out so
americans have made a new beginning
working extra shifts taking second jobs
postponing home repairs families figured
out how they could
make it work again and now people here
across Iowa
are thinking about the future okay
going to college starting at business
you've always dreamed about buying a
house
finally be able to put more away for
retirement
so we're standing again but we're not
yet running
I said in my speech yesterday that
both the two democratic presidents the
last 35 years
one Iraq Obama the other
my husband the
show that it is possible to do better
they both inherited the problems from
their republican predecessors
and they had day guess out of holes
but the facts speak for themselves
producing more jobs for more people
creating more economic opportunity and
prosperity
and trying to build a strong foundation
for what we do
next but you know what you see you see
corporations
making record profits with CEOs making
record pay
your paycheck have barely budged while
many have you
are working multiple jobs to make ends
me
you see the top 25 hedge
bond managers making more
then all the kindergarten teachers
in america come by
and often paying a lower tax rate
than those kindergarten teachers so you
have to wonder when does my
hard work pay off when does my family
get ahead when
I say now
prosperity just be
for CEOs and hedge fund managers
democracy
can't just be four billionaires and
corporations
prosperity and democracy our part your
basic bargain to
you brought our country back
now it's time it
your time to secure the gains and move
ahead
and you know what America
can succeed unless you 60
people ball races in
educational levels every kind of America
you can imagine
stand and pledge allegiance to the swag
they sing the national anthem at
sporting events
school assemblies its time
everybody felt like they were included
and that they had the same
shank
live up to their own potential I'm
running for president to make our
economy
work for you and for every american the
I'm not running for some Americans but
for all americans and we have come too
far to see our progress
ripped away now we can't go back to the
top down
economic policies that failed us before
you know that old saying for me one
shame on you will meet twice
shame on me now there may be some new
voices in the republican presidential
wire but they're all singing the same
all
song it's a song called yesterday
now I know when I said this yesterday
you know the song all our troubles look
as though they're here to stay
and we need a place to hide away
they believe yesterday and your
lucky I didn't try to sing
you know but when they heard me and
budget jumped up yesterday over
well then and policies that yesterday
Rep
trip for themselves promising lower
taxes for the wealthy
and fewer rules for the biggest
corporations without regard for how that
would make
income inequality worse now ask these
candidates about climate change
one of the defining threat our time
and they'll say I'm not a scientist well
then why don't they start
listening to those who are
edge wide top
rules on wall street. rather than
reining in the banks that are still
to risky courting future failures
what they have a case math amnesia
that was tried we saw what happened
they want to take away health insurance
from sixteen
million Americans without offering any
credible alternative
shame and blame women rather than
respect
our right to make our the
the
yea wanna put immigrants to work hard
and pay taxes at risk deport deportation
and they turned their backs i'm gay
people who love each other
the
finally fundamentally favorite Jack
what it takes to build an inclusive
economy it takes an inclusive society
a village with a place for everyone
my values and a lifetime
experiences have given me a different
vision for america
I believe our success is it measured
by how much the wealthiest americans
have by
how many children climb poverty
how many startups and small businesses
open and thrive
how many young people go to college
without drowning
in dat the
how many people find a good job in
how many families get ahead and stay
that's why
you here give me the chance
I will wage in four fights for you
the first to make the economy work for
everyday Americans
not just those at the time in the coming
weeks
out propose specific policies
to reward businesses to invest long-term
value rather than a quick buck because
that leads to higher
growth for the economy higher wages for
workers
and yes even bigger profit I will
rewrite the tax code
rewards hard work and investment here
home not quick trades
for stashing profits oversee
I'm new incentives to companies that
give
their employees air share
up profits that their heart
I will work to on leash a new generation
entrepreneurs and small business owners
by providing
tax relief cutting red tape and making
it easier to get a small business loan
there was one of the stories I heard
across people who wanted to start a
small business
struggling to make it grow were saying i
cant access to credit well the big guys
can
it's time you did too
I will restore America cutting-edge
innovation science and research you know
we are on the brink
so many breakthroughs about disease it
breaks my heart
that because the congress has cut back
on our funding for finding out what to
do about alzheimer's
or autism so many other labs have been
forced to close
young scientists told I'm sorry just not
important enough
for us to continue funding you right now
this is such a short term view
how we can do better I will get those
science labs open I will get those
scientists back to work
together
we can make america into the clean
energy
superpower in the world
you're already showing the way
Aaron with and an advanced biofuels
we just need to organize our economy so
that it in bass in the renewable a bio
fuels the solar the win
on a national scale and you know what
there are millions
%uh jobs waiting for us if we don't
create
here at home I can guarantee you that
Chinese the germans and others will
create them over there
let's not hip hop until we have the
cleanest
most prosperous energy economy in the
world
as I roll out these policies I want you
to understand where I'm coming from
I'm gonna propose an infrastructure bank
funded with bonds we need better roads
we need better
or port airport we need better bridges
we need better broadband we need all of
that
and it's a shame that were allowing our
infrastructure to crumble before our
eyes
and its send a message that we don't
want to send that we're not going to be
competitive in the future
but it's also important to remember
what's your biggest asset
our people and particularly
our youngest I wanna make
preschool and quality child care
available to
every child
I wanna make sure we give our teachers
respect they deserve sparking
burning every child I'll be giving you
specifics about how I
intend to make college affordable and to
live that crushing burden
obscured
and how we will finally make
lifelong learning available for
everybody
to gain or improve the skills they need
and to set up
more Americans for success I wanna say a
word about
another issue there's a lot of
discussion right now
about the potential trans-pacific
partnership trade deal
I wanna tell you what I think needs to
be in that agreement
first let me start by saying no
president
would be a tougher negotiator
on behalf of american workers either
with our trading partners
or Republicans on Capitol Hill then I
would be
my time eight years in the senate I
voted for some trade agreement
and I voted against others I think I
have a pretty good idea
what we can do to meet task I believe
any trade agreement especially TPP must
meet
it he said number one protect american
workers
number two it needs to raise wages and
create the jobs at home
number three it needs to be in our
national security interest
I've been saying that for months here's
what I think should happen
now in order to get
a deal that meets these high standards
the president should listen to
and work with his allies in congress
starting
with Nancy Pelosi who have expressed
their concerns
about the impact that a weak agreement
would have on our workers
to make sure we get the best
strongest deal possible and if we don't
get there should be no
deal
now in fact
I think this is the opportunity to speak
out
you know they're the voices you heard
them therefore the deal no matter what's
in it
and their the voices that are against
the deal no matter what's in it
I kinda fall in the group that says
let's find out what's in it and let's
make it
as good as it can be and then let's make
a decision and
from my perspective the president
actually has
this amazing opportunity now you know
how to negotiate
so you go to the trading partners the
people that have been involved in this
negotiation
go I miss you give me more I miss you
meet the needs
that have been laid out that my party in
congress
had on and spoken out about
and made clear have to be in the deal
we're not gonna have a deal
but we could have a deal if we made sure
that we did everything possible to
protect american workers
to rage the wages of american workers to
make sure that
is in our national security interest and
there are some specifics in there
that could and should be changed so I am
hoping
thats what happens now let's take
the women's internet and eliminate
let's say if there is a way to get to an
agreement.
that does do what II expected to do
it has to include Trade Adjustment
authority
to provide kinda protections for
American workers
that I am looking for but I am
willing to try now to see whether
you can't push to get rid of the
objectionable parts
to drive a harder bargain on sum up the
other parts and to provide more
transparency so that the american people
can actually see what will be n a
proposed final deal
and so
if I were in the white house that would
that's what I'd be doing right now I
would be trying to figure out
whether there is a way to get a deal
that does what it should do the american
workers that people
starting with leader Pelosi can say you
know what we've made some real changes
here
this might work or not but let's try and
see
whether they're is this opportunity now
we also
have to recognize that if we don't do
more to help american families we can
have agreements from here
to the moon and we're still not gonna
make it possible for most american
families
feel like they're getting ahead and from
my perspective
I believe you should have the right turn
paid sick days
you should have the right to receive
your work schedule with enough notice
arrange childcare you should be able to
look forward retirement with confidence
and you should certainly be able to
count on your health care being there
without breaking the bank
and way past time to and the outrageous
so many women still
earning less than men jogged
this is in a woman's issue this is a
family issue
every American family should feel like
they belong
and I will do everything to make sure
that happens
and here at home we do
we do have to be aware that you know
there are threats in the world I think
they're far more opportunities
let's admit there are threats our brave
men and women come home from war
finish their service I will do
everything I can to see that they get
not just our thanks but the care and
benefits they've earned
when I was in the senate when I was in
the senate I talked to
my constituents in New York first things
I heard
our national guard troops didn't get
access to the same health care benefits
but they were being called more and more
so I worked across the aisle to make
sure they did
and I have a lot respect for what are
service members an arbiter have done for
us
and it's not enough just to give a
speech we gotta do much more
I've also stood up to adversaries like
you attack me publicly
forward standing up to him which I took
badge of honor
the
and I know we have to work more closely
with our allies and partners around the
world to build trying to save secure
prosperous world i'm looking for that
means
our nato partners in Europe means our
treaty allies in Asia it means our
friends
right here in Latin America it means
Israel and the Middle East we have to
work more closely
to make sure that they and we are on the
same page
United States can't do this alone we
shouldn't do it alone
we have to lead the world because the
alternative us leading the world
is a vacuum there will be filled by some
pretty dangerous characters
so we do have to leave the world but we
need to lead
by pulling everybody together being in
the same
and finally the fourth fight under
girds so much what I want to achieve in
the other three an
is in order to be strong in the world we
have to be strong
home that's why we have to reform our
government
and revitalize our democracy works for
everybody
stop endless secret unaccountable
money that is distorting our elections
corrupting our political process
running out
hi I would appoint justices to the
Supreme Court
who would protect every citizen's right
to both rather than every corporation
right
if necessary
I will support a constitutional
amendment to
undo the supreme court's decision in the
Citizens United
but not not at this will work unless
people like you and millions and
millions more across our country turn
out and vote
I wanna make easier for every citizen to
about
we need universal automatic registration
win a young American turns a team so
that they are signed up
I gave a speech already giving notice to
the republicans I will
fight them on their efforts to
disempowered
and disenfranchised young people poor
people
people with disabilities and people of
color no matter what state they're and
the
what heart democracy are they afraid up
it's time to hold them
accountable now we americans may differ
and bicker and stumble and fall that's
kind of been our DNA
but we are at our best when we pick each
other up when we have each other's back
and like any family our American family
is strongest when we
shares we have in common and fight back
against those who would drive us
apart
from my first trip as Secretary of State
to Asia in February 2009
to my very last people all over the
world
ask me you and present
work together after you fought so hard
against each other in that campaign it
was understandable question considering
that in many places if you lose an
election you could be exiled in prison
or even killed
not hired a secretary stay and the first
time I was asked this
I was on a TV show the morning
TV show in Jakarta Indonesia and I got
asked the question
unlike any TV show ever been on before
since
dancing and singing I was worried there
and asked me to sing my favorite songs
which
you know I do love to sing but nobody
left well ten stop
then all of a sudden I get asked this
question and you know the TV cameras are
going
going right now I have like a nanosecond
or what I'm gonna say
question no
really important question because it's a
new democracy
in many places in the world people
put their family their clan try their
race their sec
for their country and so I was being
how you do it in america and I said
you're right really hard campaign
against each other he won I lost
when he asked me to Sir I accepted
for the same reason we both love our
country
that's how that's how we do it in
america and with that same spirit
together
we can win these we can build
an economy where hard work is rewarded
in fact we will we can strengthen
our families in fact we will we can
defend
our country and increase our
opportunities around the world
in fact we will and we can renew the
promise of our democracy
and we well now
I know this is not going to be easy I've
been around awhile
case you haven't heard anybody say that
just thought I'd tell you and I know as
well
anyone how hard this job is I've seen it
up close and personal
all our presidents come into office
looking
so vigorous
and then we watch their hair rare gray
hair
well you won't see my hair turned white
and why
hi I've been telling us for years
and I may not be
candidate in this race but with your
help
I will be youngest woman president the
I
I hope you will give me that chance
I have spent my life fighting for
children
families in our country I'm not stopping
now you know
I've been called many things by many
people quitter is not one of them
I have to say like so much else in my
life I got that from my mother
she taught me that everybody needs a
chance
and champion she knew what it was like
not have either one
talked a lot about her since
we lost her because
I realized how much
I old to her not just because she was my
mom
and did a great job for me because
she was such credible example
courage resilience only parry parent
here at the age of 14 she was out around
working as a housemaid
I didn't know any that when I was a
little girl news you know we pick
cherries
backyard be played in she
media learn how to play tennis you tried
to teach
so
one with more success than the other but
years later
when I was old enough to understand I
asked her what kept you going
you know her answer was something very
simple
kindness from someone who believed she
mattered
first-grade teacher she had nothing to
eat at lunch
without embarrassing her brought extra
share
the woman whose house she cleaned
letting her go to high school so long as
her work was done
that was a bargain she left
to accept because people believed in her
at critical moments she believed in me
because her I believe in the potential
every American I have met hundreds of
thousands maybe millions of Americans
over the course very blessed life looked
in the
guys so many people little kids
thrust into foster care being treated
were life-threatening diseases dads who
just lost
job and don't know they're gonna go home
tell
their family moms who are single
doing the best they can to keep body and
soul part look
in those and
I believe so much that when you succeed
America sexy
and there's a role important role
reticle for our government to play we
all believe
that america has our back when we do our
best
we need a little help it'll be there but
there's also
a huge role for everybody else to play
too
want us to start looking each
other fellow
human beings fellow American want us to
figure out how through our own families
houses of worship our own businesses our
own communities
we can reach out to those in need
we can be smart and compassionate at the
same time
I want you to join me in this after
course I want you to help me bill
this campaign and to make it your own
want to talk to your
family your friends your neighbors I
want you to text join goin
247 246 in to go to Hillary Clinton dot
common
sign up to make calls and knock on doors
but more than that
want you to feel this campaign is not
about me
it's about all of us and it's about the
promise
up this country which is so unique
human history we can be
more open more generous more respectful
each other it really it
it upsets me when I hear some what said
in our political debates right now
but more than that really its my heart
wonder you know they not go
hear the same lessons I did in Sunday
school did they not seeing the same him
did they not have teachers who said you
know better
nor worse than anybody else they never
hear there but for the grace of God go
i.
where did this mean-spiritedness come
from we are such a blessed nation
we have so many more opportunities even
now with all of our challenges
anybody in human history has ever had
and so for me
this is about not only waging a campaign
and winning an election
but it is about what we do together
to build an america where if you do your
part
you reap the rewards where we don't
leave
anyone out or behind where we remember
that
there a lot little boys and girls like
my mom
who got that extra
help which most needed
I'm actually confident and optimistic
that this campaign can lay the
foundation for
us doing that with and for each other
again and yes we will have in America
where a father can tell his daughter you
can be anything you wanna be even
president
up the United States the
the

I've never been to a revival
quite like this one tell you what
especially a revival lifting up lawyers
faster and faster
you know I have to say to President
crime lawyer business doesn't work out
for you I imagine there's a church or
jus that might call you to that pub
instead of to the bar this is the day
the Lord has made honestly Wow let us
rejoice and be glad in it and I have to
thank all of you for the great honor of
participating in this anniversary
tribute what a wonderful idea attorney
great as so many of your ideas have been
over the years I listened very carefully
as several speakers pointed out that it
would be more than appropriate for
attorney gray to receive a certain
Presidential Medal of Freedom I'll tell
you I've already written the president
telling him I think that's a good idea
and I've already got the congresswoman
to a brain that when she goes to the
Christmas party at the white house she's
gonna raise that not just with the
president but importantly with mrs.
Obama
is such an honor to be here and I want
to thank everyone for this invitation
and I particularly want to recognize the
few people who are with us starting with
your congresswoman whom I've had the
great privilege of getting to know and
working with and looking forward to be a
partner with her I want to acknowledge
mayor strange thank you for having us
here in your city and chairman dean of
the Montgomery County Commission thank
you mayor Ford tuskegee thank you so
much I also want to thank reverend handy
for opening up this historic church to
us today and I had a chance to visit
with reverend and missus handy and
indeed he was called to this church and
i am looking forward to working to
support the kind of mentoring and
outreach programs that he is putting in
place here we need more of that for more
of our children and I brown could be
with us today those of us who know of
her career and her rise first through
the NBA than through the ABA really hold
her in such high esteem and I think you
for your highlighting the many women in
the civil rights movement particularly
the lawyers because has been said my
first job out of law school was for the
children's defense fund for marion
wright edelman she was someone who I
heard about when I was in law school
saw one day on the bulletin board there
used to be such things in the
pre-internet world called bulletin
boards I saw where she was going to be
speaking at Yale Law School where she
graduated and where I was a student and
I went over to hear her speak and i was
just so impressed here's first
african-american woman to pass the
Mississippi bar working on behalf of
civil rights but focusing on the needs
of children which to me is the really
overwhelming challenge that we face
today I listened to her and then she
finished I went up to her and I said to
her I said I I'd like to come work for
you this summer she said well that's
that's fine but I can't pay you and I
said well I have to get a job because
I'm putting myself through law school
and I said if I can figure out how to
get paid job she said well that's an
offer I certainly won't refuse so I
applied for and got a law student
civil-rights Research Council grant it
enabled me to go to work that summer and
then when I graduated I went to work
full time later chaired the board of the
children's defense fund and to this day
I count myself very lucky having seen
that little notice on the bulletin board
all those years ago and I especially AM
honored to be with the reverend Bernice
King someone who's
moral clarity and call to action is
certainly rooted in her father's work
but is uniquely her own her voice is one
that deserves the closest attention and
I am grateful she is here with us you
know when I think about a lot of the
great names that we heard today I am
always impressed and frankly a little
humbled no attorney gray is a
distinguished man but he was a very
young man when he took on these cases it
is easy now in retrospect to somehow
assume that the results were
foreordained at the time to end
segregation and oppression and in
equality before the law was drawing to a
close but I don't think we should never
assume that it took the courage of so
many and among the most courageous where
the lawyers who took on the challenges
in the courts and in the streets another
person I had the great privilege of
working with was Jon Dore who argued
pivotal voting rights cases while
serving in the department of justice and
memorably had to step in between police
and protesters to stop a bloodbath in
Jackson in 1963 after the murder of
medgar evers
I remember asking John Doerr once as I
was a very young lawyer at the time of
this question
afraid of course I was he said but I was
representing the law I was representing
we don't stand for that in the worst of
times we live with ourselves I think
about louis stokes we just lost he was
fighting stop-and-frisk back in the
1960's and elaine jones a dear friend
who defended death row inmates and help
get the death penalty abolished in 37
States as a lawyer with the N double ACP
legal defense fund I think of judges
like Frank Johnson here in Alabama who
took his seat on the bench just a few
weeks before rosa parks was arrested and
struck down the montgomery bus
segregation law as unconstitutional then
did the same for parks and restaurants
restrooms libraries airports and the
Alabama State Police or his counterpart
in the Louisiana judge skelly right who
overturned dozens of segregation laws
there and before Brown ordered Ellis you
to enroll black students these juris
like many of the lawyers who were taking
these cases endured death threats and
cross burnings they were told by many of
their neighbors down the street and
brands they had known since childhood
who would turn their backs but they
didn't back down
because they believed in the
constitution in the rule of law and they
knew that segregation was aid torsion of
Justice not an expression of it they
also knew that sometimes lawmakers get
it wrong and when that happens it's up
to lawyers and judges to make it right
that's what many lawyers felt then it's
what many lawyers feel now our work
isn't finished we do have to pay it
forward there are still in justices
perpetrated every day across our country
sometimes in spite of the law sometimes
unfortunately in keeping with it there
are still too many americans especially
too many african-americans whose
experience of the justice system is not
what it should be there are still too
many ways in which our laws and our
policies fall short of our ideals so
even as we celebrate all that our
country has achieved in the past 60
years we must in keeping with the legacy
of those who have gone before
look to the future and the work that is
left to do we must reform our criminal
justice system it can be an all too
often is stacked against those with the
least power there is something
profoundly wrong when african-american
men are still far more likely to be
stopped and searched by police charged
with crimes and sentenced to longer
prison terms for doing the same thing
as a white man there is something
profoundly wrong when a third of all
black men face the prospect of prison
during their lifetimes right now an
estimated 1.5 million black men are
missing from their families and
communities because of incarceration and
premature death and too many black
families mourn the loss of a child I've
met with too many mothers who have lost
their children lost to senseless
incomprehensible violence
my heart breaks for them many of these
women are doing something quite
remarkable they are turning their grief
into a powerful call to action for our
nation we can't go on like this we've
got to change we must strengthen the
bonds of trust between law enforcement
and the communities they serve in too
many parts of america today that trust
has broken down let's remember that
everyone benefits when there is respect
for the law and when everyone is
respected by the law
and as we work to deliver real reforms
that can be felt in our communities lot
of good work to build on across the
country many police officers are out
there every day
inspiring trust and confidence honorably
doing their duty putting themselves on
the line to save lives and many police
departments are deploying creative and
effective strategies demonstrating how
we can protect the public without
resorting to unnecessary force we need
to learn from those examples build on
what works
chart a new course in how we approach
punishment and prison United States has
less than five percent of the world's
population but almost 25% of the world's
total prison population and our country
has nearly one third of all the world's
women prisoners the numbers of people in
prison are much higher than they were
thirty or forty years ago even though
crime rates are much lower end of the
more than two million Americans
incarcerated right now a significant
percentage are nonviolent offenders
people held for violating parole or
minor drug crimes or who are simply
awaiting trial in backlogged courts
keeping them behind bars does little to
reduce crime but it does a lot to tear
apart families and communities it's time
to change our approach and end the era
of mass incarceration in america
and we must do more to address the
epidemic of gun violence that is
plaguing our country I consider this a
national emergency the vast majority of
Americans including the vast majority of
gun owners support common-sense steps to
reduce gun violence like comprehensive
background checks and closing the
loopholes that let guns fall into the
wrong hands but even after what we've
seen in paris and in other places
congress won't even bring up a bill that
will prohibit anyone on the no-fly list
from buying a gun
think about it seems reasonable to
assume if you are too dangerous to fly
in america you are too dangerous to buy
a gun in america
Congress gave the gun industry something
that was a mistake
plain and simple that needs to be
reversed and yes we must strengthen that
most fundamental citizenship right the
right to vote
I thought we'd solve their problem
thanks to many of the lawyers we are
honouring today but unfortunately there
is mischief of what
and some people are just determined to
do what they can to keep other Americans
from voting now I know is I was here at
joe reads invitation a few weeks ago
about the dispute that's going on in
Alabama where there is a strict new
Voter ID e law in effect and then a lot
of the DMV offices in every single
county where african-americans make up
more than 75 percent of registered
voters were closed now that would make
getting driver's licenses and
personalized you cards much harder which
in turn would make voting much harder to
the right to vote is so fundamental to
our democracy but it's also about
people's dignity the right to stand up
and say I am a citizen I am an American
my voice and my vote count no matter who
you are or where you come from
what you look like or how much money you
have that means something as ben was
saying with that powerful quote from
justice marshall before the law we are
all to be equal and in the voting booth
we are all to be equal as well and that
cannot and must not be taken away and
finally finally we must be honest about
the larger and deeper inequalities that
continue to exist across our country you
can't credibly talk about reforming our
criminal justice system and
strengthening our democracy without also
talking about increasing economic
opportunity improving education giving
more support to working families our
children deserve the best start in life
and we have to do more to make that
possible I do have this most wonderful
amazing fourteen-month-old granddaughter
and I listened carefully to been talking
about Brooklyn and I've got no doubt
that he and his wife were gonna do
everything it takes to make sure she's
prepared to pursue her dreams but I want
that for every child and you cannot
cannot credibly pledged to do your part
to make our country more just with also
being willing to take a look at yourself
at our own lives our own preconceptions
we each need to do the hard work of
rebuilding our bonds with one another
this isn't just about strengthening ties
between police and citizens although
that is very important it's about
strengthening ties across society
between and among neighbors colleagues
even people with whom we profoundly
disagree it's about how we treat each
other what we value together this is so
fundamental to who we are as a nation
and everything we could hope to achieve
and you know those of us who serve in
politics or who want to lead our country
have a special responsibility to bring
Americans together not pull us apart and
may be unusual hearing presidential
candidates say we need more love and
kindness but that is exactly what we
need right now after the first day of
the bus boycott sixty years ago that
evening thousands of people are jammed
in the streets inside the church when
dr. Martin Luther King Jr's depth to the
pulpit to go back and read what he said
that night of course he spoke about
roses integrity about citizenship about
fairness under the law and then he
started talking about love
parts of the Christian faith and there
is another side called justice and I
love this especially as a recovering
lawyer
justice is really love in calculation
justice is love
correcting that which would work against
love standing beside love is always
justice
decades after her place in history was
secured rosa parks came to Washington to
sit with me at the 1999 State of the
Union she looks beautiful and I Jul
colored dress with her head crowned in a
long braids just like in her booking
photos the day she was arrested the
entire congress rose to give her a long
standing ovation to see all of our
nation's leaders Democrats and
Republicans alike
united in their esteem for her she was
once the focal point of perhaps the most
divisive issue of our time that was a
powerful indicator of how far we had
come rosa hadn't changed much she was
the same lovely dignified determined
person she always was that America had
changed its always struck me how
depending on the way you look at it
rosa parks either did something
tremendous or something rather humble on
the one hand she helped ignite a social
movement that sought to finish the work
of the Civil War and redeem the promise
of the 13th 14th and 15th amendments and
the other hand she finished her shift at
the Montgomery Fair department store
took a regular bus
home where she and other
african-americans always sad and when
the bus driver ordered her to move she
quietly so quietly if the bus were still
running no one could have heard her
above the engine noise said no that's
how often gets made doesn't it
and an ordinary day by seemingly
ordinary people doing something
extraordinary it's only when we look
back that we realize that's the day when
everything began to change that's how it
was with december 1st 1955 I suspect
rosa parks would be the first to say
that what happened sixty years ago today
and everything that followed was the
result of countless acts of courage and
sacrifice by people from many walks of
life and I'm sure she would also
attorney gray acknowledged that critical
role that attorneys played as we look
forward I hope we keep in mind what we
can do
days like this began to make a
difference maybe only with a few people
maybe though to start ripples that will
change history is no doubt in my mind
that the power of our constitution of
the rule of law and the courage of those
who fight to uphold it is one of the
great assets United States of America
has let us go forth today challenged to
do our part to make sure that this
generation will see the work of justice
and equality as well as love and
kindness I look forward to being your
partner in the years ahead
thank you all very much

and I want to or not only a lasting her
morning G
announcement you're here who are women
and men and children and families across
new hampshire and america believe that
working together you can make a real
difference can make it out
work opportunity and prosperity for our
wedding we slide backward and all the
hard work we've done over the last years
particularly last six-and-a-half years
away we have come from college
will also provide health care to see
president I'm alone could be
where you turn when a loved one who's
battling addiction or mental 5 yes
searching for answers to problems
because I travel the country people come
in and talk to me about their lives you
know it's a very serious actually listen
to the time to give people a chance to
talk to you as opposed to talking job
classes at community college for raising
three kids alone she's doing what you
have to do to give herself and her
children a better wife and she does not
expect any knowledge about going to
college
top of everything else take care of her
mother could be done
other candidates may be out there early
insults at everyone talking about one
who's to blame
every single day when I'm president and
these are not new for me you know I have
to help others joined the fight i'm
happy to have people over some of these
problems my first job was with the
children's defense fund work
my entire
even for people who have those odd
care about because when women can
participate in the workforce our economy
grows and your family and by the way
women policies
workers are women raising the minimum
wage
Sharon the prophetess like market basket
not just the shower
whatever it takes to advance they're out
of touch the last presidential debate
they faced each other about everything
they're still talking about topped out
of touch policies and they also you how
their ideas just not interested in how
that word about or more trickle down
haven't worked no one hardly
has become the party
talk about these matters
and organized
potential and yes Father and say his
daughter

wow this is a great way to start my day
day and I'm delighted to be here with
you
I wanna thank Mark for not only the
introduction but
all at his work over the years I have
been
a fan up marks since he was mayor
New Orleans he did great work there and
he's doing great work
at the National Urban League cell thank
you mark
and you know we're all thinking as I
hope we do every year about New Orleans
as we near the 10th anniversary of
Katrina something like that
should never be allowed it to happen in
the United States
America again so we have to keep
learning the lessons
and re pledging our commitment
I thank everyone for welcoming me here
today
I want to that give a shout out to your
national chairman of the board Michael
night or
also backstage I saw longtime friend
mind congressman Alcee Hastings
and Alexis Herman
who served in my husband's
administration and Tony West to served
in President Obama's administration
there's a
a veritable Hall of Fame here for this
event and I can never come to a National
Urban League
gathering without mentioning my lifelong
friend vernon jordan
he may not be here today but he's with
us in spirit because and his
deep love and commitment to this
organization
it's also close to my heart over the
years
I've gotten the chance to work with you
learn from you
I've poured over your state of black
America reports
I've spoken at your conferences but most
importantly
I've seen how you change people's lives
the theme at this conference
saving our cities education
jobs and justice speaks to the important
work that you've been doing for decades
I know that you help black entrepreneurs
get start-up capital
I know
you help people find jobs I know you
give families financial counseling so
they can achieve
their dreams a buying a home or sending
their kids to college
and you make sure parents have the tools
to take care
at their kids' health that's the kind
day-to-day commitment that makes such a
difference
as you help prepare young people for
college and work
in a world that can sometimes make them
feel that
they're not very important you make sure
they know just how precious and powerful
they really are this by to work
has been my work to my first job out of
law school wasn't at some big law firm
it was with the children's defense fund
started by
marion wright edelman that for summer
after I graduated I went door to door
for kids shut out of school and
denied the education they deserve I also
began a lifelong concern by working
with CDF to try to figure out what we
did with kids caught up in the juvenile
and adult
prison systems as first lady I helped
create the Children's Health Insurance
Program you were an ally
in doing that as senator I champion
small businesses owned by women and
people of color because
that's where a lot of the jobs in
america come from
I thought to raise the minimum wage
because no one who works hard in america
ship to raise their kids in poverty
these issues
your issues are deeply personal to me
so I'm here early on this morning first
and foremost to say thank you
but I'm also here to talk about the
future
because the work you have been doing
is more important than ever and I'm
going to keep
doing network right alongside you now I
would
love nothing more then to stay and have
a conversation
for hours going into depth about ever
single-issue that we are worried about
but you have a full slate of speakers
that will follow me
so let me make three points about the
work we need to do together
first the opportunity gap
that America is facing is not
just about economic in a quality it
is about racial in a quality now
that may seem obvious to you
but it bears underscoring because some
%uh
the evidence that backs it up would come
as a shock
too many Americans like how
african-americans are nearly three times
as likely as whites to be denied
a mortgage or how in 2013
the median well for white families was
more than one hundred and thirty-four
thousand dollars but for
african-american families
it was just eleven thousand dollars
a lot of people don't realize that our
schools are more segregated today than
they were in nineteen
68 or even
that african-americans are sentenced to
longer prison terms
than white people for the same crimes
or that political
operatives are trying every trick in the
book
to prevent african-americans from voting
and listen to this one
because as somebody who started with the
children's defense fund
and you now is the proud and delighted
grandmother a 10-month-old granddaughter
african-american children are
percent more likely to die
from asthma and white kids
now I studied
and advocated introduce legislation to
close
health disparities I knew I knew how
severe they were but five hundred
percent
so all this points to an on
avoidable conclusion race
race still plays a significant role
in determining who gets ahead in america
and who gets left behind
and yes wall that's partly a legacy of
discrimination that
stretches back to the start our nation
it is
also because it discrimination that is
still
on going I'm not saying anything
you don't already know you understand
this better than I do
better than anyone but i wanna say it
anyway
because I'm planning to be president and
anyone who seeks that office has a
responsibility to say it
and more than that
to grapple with the systemic inequities
that so many american space anyone who
asks for your boat
should tried their hardest to see things
as they actually
are not just as we want them to be so I
want you to know I see it and I could
hear you
and the racial disparities you work hard
every day to overcome goal against
everything I believe in and
everything I want to help america
achieve
the second point is this: this is not
just about statistics as damning as they
can be
this is about americans doing some
soul-searching
and holding ourselves to account this is
about all of us looking into
examining our assumptions and fears
and asking ourselves what more can
I do in my life to counter hate
and injustice how can I make
our country a better fairer
place let me be clear I think
all of us need to do that kinda
introspection but those of us who have
not experienced
systemic racial inequities
we have an extra obligation
we need to do a better job listening
when people talk about the scene
and unseen barriers they face every day
we need to practice humility
rather than assume that our experiences
are everyone's experiences and yes
we need to try as best we can to walk
in one another's shoes to imagine what
it would be
like to sit our son
down and have that talk or if people
followed us around stores
or locked their car doors when we walked
past
that empathy
that's what makes it possible for people
from
every background every race every
religion to come together as one nation
that's the kinda generosity of spirit
that makes a country like america endure
and given what we've seen
and experience over the last two years
this is an urgent call for people
to search their own hearts and mines
here's my third point
we've arrived at a moment when all these
challenges
are in sharp relief and we have to seize
it
too many times now americans have come
together
in shock and or to process
a violent senseless tragedy
like Trayvon Martin
shot to death not in some
empty desolate street somewhere but in a
gated community
wasn't stranger yet family there
worse and herbal and college
educated young woman who knew her rights
who didn't do anything wrong
but still ended up dying
in a jail cell together we've mourned
to mir rice sent Eric garner Walter
Scott
and Freddie gray and most recently
sham two bombs these names
are emblazoned on our hearts we've seen
their faces we've heard their grieving
families
we've seen a massacre in charleston
and black churches set on fire
two-day 20 50 but thankfully tragedy
is not all we have seen yes
the Confederate battle flag came down
finally
in South Carolina
families in the Charleston victims
reached out with
extraordinary grace to the man who
killed
their loved ones and President Obama
delivered a eulogy that sounded as
though it had come straight
from angels ending with amazing
race young people have taken to the
streets
dignified and determined urging us to
affirm
the basic fact that black
lives matter and because %uh people all
across this country sharing their
stories with courage
and strength a growing number of
Americans are realizing
but many are you have been
saying for a long time we can't go on
like this
we are better in this things
must change now it's up to us to build
on that momentum
and we all have to do our part but those
of us
we strive to lead have a special
responsibility
I'm very pleased that many presidential
candidates
will be here today to address you it is
a signal that the work you've been doing
laboring in the vineyards for decades
is getting the political attention it
deserves
but the real test have a candidate's
commitment
it's not whether we come to speak
at your national conference as important
as that is
it's whether we're still around after
the cameras are gone and the bolts are
pounded
it's whether
our positions live up to our rhetoric
and too often we see a mismatch between
what
some candidates say in venues like this
and what they actually do
when they're elected I don't think you
can credibly say that everyone has the
right to rise and then say you're for
phasing out medicare or for repealing
Obamacare
people can't rise if they can't afford
health care
they can't rise at the minimum wage is
too low to live on
they can't rise up there governor makes
it harder for them to get
a college education and you cannot
seriously talk about the right to rise
and support laws that deny the right
tugboat the
so yes what people say matters but what
they do matters more americans
especially today
deserved leaders who will face inequity
race and justice issues and all their
complexity
head-on who want just conceded that
there are barriers holding people back
who will do instead what it takes to
chair those barriers down
once and for all I will never stop
working
on issues have a quality and opportunity
race and justice that is a promise
I've done it my entire adult life
I will always be in your corner because
issues like these they are why
I'm running for president they are why I
got involved in public service
in the first place to tear down the
barriers that hold people back
from developing their talents and
achieving
their dreams I'm asking you
to hold me accountable to hold all of us
accountable
because the work that you're doing
must lead to action and you deserve
leaders who not only
get that but who will work hard every
day
to make our country a better place to
make it live
up to its potential and to provide the
opportunities for every single child in
this country
to live up to his or her
god-given potential yes I do have this
ten-month-old grandchild now
and I gotta tell you those have you
already have
reaches incredible transformational
point in your lives
understand this there is nothing
like it to focus you on the present you
know when bill and I
are with Charlotte doing our best to
babysit phones are off the TV is off
which is
focused on this miracle of life
and where the kinda grandparents I'll
confess that
you know when she learns to clap your
hands we give her a standing ovation
but you see it's not just
about our granddaughter isn't
we of course will do everything we can
to make sure she has
all the opportunities she should as
a citizen love this country as a child
God as a person who has the right
to go as far as her hard work and talent
will take ur
that's not enough I don't want that
just for my granddaughter I'm the
granddaughter of a factory worker
who work from the time he was a teenager
to the timely
retired in a Scranton Lee smells
I ate
Knoll how blessed I've been
and opportunities that I had that others
with
just as much talent did not sell let us
tear down the barriers
said no matter whose child you are or
grandchild you are
you too will have the same chance
I'm proud to be your ally I'm committed
to being
your partner I will keep fighting right
alongside you today and always to make
the United States of America a country
where
all men and women all boys and girls
are treated as they deserve to be as
equals I know we can do this
I know the path ahead is not easy
but i'm absolutely convinced that we
will
once again join hands
and make a difference for those young
people
will not only need a path but need the
love
and embrace have a grateful nation for
the contributions they each will make
to a better future for us all thank you
and god
bless you the
ladies and gentlemen I
Secretary Hillary Rodham Clinton I've
got
job three short questions first we r
as a part of this process going to be I
sharing with you a questionnaire which
ask for your positions on issues
contained in the 21st century
I'll agenda for Jobs and Freedom
and I want to know if you can commit to
respond to that questionnaire we will
make it public
yes second
I like question is we have within the
urban league movement
an exciting generation up new
new generation leaders a who are coming
of age
could you talk to them a little bit
about
the role they would play they
you you plan for them to play both in
your campaign but also in the issues and
in your administration
some people refer to them as the
Millennials their part of our young
professionals
some heavy merges leaders of our
affiliates
but they are represented in large number
here could you talk to them for me
I'd be happy to mark and and let me just
make
a couple quick points because I think
this is by the most important questions
you or anybody could ask
on I have been so blessed over the years
to have had a lot have
wonderful people working for me I and
now I
have the next generation the Millennials
the the young activists who themselves
have been successful
and I see a difference between this
generation
and maybe some prior generations where
for african-americans for women for
others who
felt like they had to struggle to be
successful
there was a sense that thank goodness
I made it and I'm gonna do the best I
can in my life
I will make contributions but the days
of activism
are behind me this new generation
is in a very important way combining
personal success with continuing
act as a minivan and rotation and I
think we need that
I not only welcome it
I hope that we can together harness
it because like I said about my
granddaughter it is not enough that some
of us are successful
it is not enough when we see growing
inequality
economic and racial and social therefore
I in list and ask for the help
up this active committed young
generation
you know that's there's a great old
saying what you to do it what are you to
do
well you can comfort the afflicted
and afflict the comfortable that is part
of your role
and even though I sometimes may be on
the receiving end
that's okay because as I said in my
remarks I want you to hold me
accountable and I particularly want to
be held accountable
by young people who know the kinda
future they want to help us create
thank you very much in my up final
question
in the discussion around income
inequality the racial wealth gap
one part the conversation that's
been missing and not really address I is
the role of
small businesses african-american on
businesses
many of them face frozen credit markets
difficulty in building their business
what would you say to the archer print
yours about
how you would address those concerns
because
they are indeed job creators many of
them a women-owned businesses we serve
twelve thousand small businesses across
the nation
about seventy percent of them are women
own
and they are so crucial to closing
the racial wealth gap how would you
address
their concerns Omark we could be here
all day but let me quickly say
I wanna be the small business president
my dad was a small businessman
and I saw how hard he worked and how he
provided a good middle-class life
for my family and Marcus absolutely
right
on sixty percent have the
net jobs created in america are created
by small businesses but right now we
have
tax burdens regulatory burdens licensing
burdens
and credit barriers that are preventing
both the starting a small businesses and
their growth and expansion and it is
particularly a problem
for people of color and women and women
of color
especially sell part of what I wanna do
nm started to talk about this all across
the country
is to really 0n on tearing down those
barriers and one of the problems
as mark said is frozen credit lack of
credit
for 30-40 years I have worked on how you
get more credit
are too small businesses and
particularly underserved areas I helped
to start a development bank in arkansas
which is still operating and still
funding
a lot a small businesses somebody here
from arkansas thank you I want to take
that model across the country
I want to expand the small business
administration I want to make sure that
we have
online lending that is a specially
attuned to the needs a small business
so I have a hall a whole small business
agenda because
this is one of the keys to not only
creating well
and creating jobs but getting our
economy back
moving as quickly and fast as it can to
get back to where we were before the big
crash
now there's a lot more to talk about
just two quick points cuz I i'm
I don't wanna overstay my welcome but
two quick points in my economic plans
I talk about strong growth fair growth
and long-term growth
we cannot have any of that unless we do
more
to get more women into the workforce and
have them paid
fairly and take into account their
particular challenges
and secondly we have to get
of the load of student debt because that
is stopping a lot of young people
from starting best essay
says and so this it this is about the
whole economy but in particular what do
we need to do to clear the way
for small businesses to start and grow
and I'm gonna be
the small business president I Secretary
Hillary Rodham Clinton ladies in general
thank you for being a carefully

here with all of you did we ever gonna
be the reason is because we were
actually a president should be doing to
make sure you need to make the most out
of your life and I will let people
finally got a chance to compete
democrats to the Republic we came out
pretty well have you here in this
absolutely beautiful it is a great
pleasure to look out and see so many of
you can be able to making sure that you
and then we we're just get rid of them
did you hear from the other side
starting with a sacked country does
better when we have a Democrat in the
White House
think it's important just to wind down
thanks in your head so when you're
talking with some ear open minded
independent friends or you're talking to
republicans you can tell them that this
is not just me saying it is a line of an
intense it we have a Democrat in the
White House and even the stock market is
higher but when you have a republican
and the way you are likely to have a
recession that the republicans you are
running for president Inc wanna go back
and do what didn't work before I think
they want to so many forget about the
Great Recession which hit this state
really hard you know in 2008 we were
losing 800,000 jobs and we ended up
losing nine million jobs nine million
people in this country lost their jobs
lost their homes to that election just
about a week after I got a call from
them president-elect Obama yes becomes
CNN chicago and I didn't know why turns
out he wanted me to be secretary of
state which I was very honored to be
asked to do he said
could fall into the great depression and
they could hand they do not think
President Obama gets the credit he
deserves for saving our economy crisis
industry administration had been
ignoring the Affordable Care
eighty million americans see you would
think with a record like that the
republicans might change their approach
in 60 only the same things that ended us
in the ditch in the first place
taxes on the wealthy corporations that's
basically all they say about the economy
sucks I have a different approach and
I'm pretty proud of the economic record
my husband hand at the end of eight
years of his Presidency yeah we had
three million new jobs and incomes went
for everybody not just the top people
everybody because we had an economy that
was working for everybody and
unfortunately not all changed when the
republicans came back into the white
house you know what happened and so
crazy Obama had to dig a ditch where I
don't we're standing we're not yet
running to do what will work to put more
people to work and to raise wages again
because they
really round when three hundred times
the typical worker makes I don't think
anybody that we're going to be able to
get wages rising again unless we have a
government with a president who actually
cares about making sure our hard-working
people see that friends your labor so
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna
start by creating more jobs by investing
in 20 people who are maintained and
bridges airports we're gonna read we're
gonna expand broadband we had been
shaped can still rock band instead of so
many other countries
danced in science and research which
will give you one example you know
republicans don't wanna spend money on
anything they actually helps people and
they don't have my best in the future
well we invested 3.8 billion dollars in
something called the human genome
project twenty years ago I remember
being in the white house today that my
husband announced it been completed so
what does that mean it means we're going
to be able to cure diseases and maybe
start conditions once we understand what
places now here's the economic point I
wanna make 3.8 million dollar investment
of your tax money and mine nearly a
trillion dollars has been generating new
discoveries new businesses new jobs for
the future
we're dead body in the world we need to
be making them smile
gonna make us richer and we've got that
gave way and he gained a lot of
difference in the economy create
millions of new jobs new businesses and
we take climate change seriously don't
we go running for president who every
time you ask them what about climate
change they say something like I don't
know I'm not a scientist
well there's a very easy way to stop
that one's here at the University they
could tell you what's going on it's
important that we take this seriously
not only because it is going to affect
and why everyone of us alive but most
importantly our children and
grandchildren because if we do this
right we can create millions of new jobs
and businesses you know every year
Harry Reid has a big conference about
clean energy here in Nevada has spoken
at my husband spoken at it why he do
that because he wants people to
understand the economic opportunities
that are available
you know it is possible if we invest in
wind and solar advanced biofuels
geothermal you name it we can not only
began to reverse the effects of climate
change but we can begin to build a
totally different way you here in the
band are doing just that
Big Bang Theory you been investing in
more solar in the town I stated before
the debate on the window and door panels
driving around today don't get a lot of
places with solar panels well I'm
setting some big goals for my presidency
by the end of my first term
I want us to have employed a half more
solar panels to be installed acquired by
the end of my second I want to generate
enough clean renewable energy every home
is the program with 72 you don't worry
about jobs going overseas while we do
infrastructure at home and we don't
clean energy jobs have to be done right
here in the United States of America now
as you change the tax system I'm sick
and tired of operations getting big tax
loopholes and all the rest in it to ship
jobs out of America we need to take away
tax breaks from corporations and use
that money to rebuild our economy right
here at home we need to do whatever we
can to raise wages starting by raising
the minimum wage which I know there are
people who work in the minimum wage here
right now
minimum wage $7.25 an hour is a disgrace
who works full time left and poverty at
the end of their working week so we are
going to raise the minimum wage it has
ever been to where it was in 1968
because dazed and we've been on a
downward slope and we're still going to
do more to invest in apprenticeship
programs in job training programs those
at the International Union of painters
and allied trades today looking at how
they train
when they're young apprentice impressed
I know we could train tens and hundreds
of thousands of people to do the job
that clean energy and infrastructure
building require now tell you think
it'll raise wages and it'll raise wages
across the board in america and that is
to make sure women equal pay for equal
and I want people are losing money
because I met a young man last week in
new hampshire came up to me to tell you
I am thank you why you cannot tell you
my first job he was 17 years old he told
me he got hired to be a cashier in a
store near where you live kinda got the
job because his mom had been working
there for four years and she was doing
the same job as a cashier he was really
the first real job you go to work and he
came back to his first paycheck showed
his mom she noticed something her son
was making a dollar more an hour after
one week then she was making after four
years now jane that story because this
young man had no reason to make it up to
tell me why it was for me said he could
never thought about it for my mom really
hard she was raised me she should be
paid the same as any men including her
17 year old son
equal pay is an issue B is not just a
women's issue it's a family issue facing
economic issue there will be more money
in the economy when women are paying for
themselves and for their families and we
also need to look at how hard it is to
balance family and work you know a lot
of young parents struggle with that I
think we should join the rest of the
advanced world and had paid leave so
that when you have a new baby way you
have a sick relative you don't lose your
job but you also don't lose your pay for
a period of time
responsible
doing this just did paid sick days in
their states are doing it and it hasn't
affected the way that the republicans
say it will for employment so we've got
to take a hard look about families like
today
know what they were like 50 years ago
what they like today and how do we help
them do the most important job which is
taking care of each other when they also
do their job making a living I think
it's really important that the tax
system
be changed to the wealthy pay more than
they're paying right now
I don't think it's right here contain a
lower tax rate than a teacher I just
don't think that's right I agree with
Warren Warren Buffett's every million
years you have to pay at least 30%
against Raghu might not paying 50
companies are paying anything so part of
the job that I will take on as your
president is to get the wealthy to pay
more in the middle plans a tax cut it is
working hard and doing the best you can
and facing the pressures you think a
chance to be able to make ends meet your
hands and going up the price of
everything else and acting dance exactly
what we need to do seem to forget it
what makes America great and what makes
our economy strong is the middle class
to middle class who built this country
is the middle class that does bugs that
it has to get up every day take care of
their families and their jobs and I
think it's time we start rebuilding the
medical and giving you that tools that
you need to make the most out of your
own answer in the economy and that is to
get comprehensive immigration
really don't like what the republicans
are saying about it we are a nation of
immigrants we were built by immigrants
every one of us we go back grandparents
great-grandparents we have somebody came
to this country and are we glad they did
and that we have the benefit of their
hard work my grandfather came to this
country is just a little boy he was a
factory worker he worked really hard and
ask for much of a good thing I those
standards in those days because of his
hard work but he wanted to get to have a
better chance and sons went to college
and my dad became a small businessman
after he served in the Navy during World
War Two and now I'm here asking you to
vote for me for president that's three
generations you my grandfather to my
father Jimmy in tonight we get through
this crowd and we could have a thousand
stories like that immigration is who we
are and look around us and I think the
republicans are doing great damage to
our nation made herein so in their
attacks such as your President I was
certainly work hard for comprehensive
immigration reform but I love so defend
the executive orders of President Obama
and I know I know we've got some doing
tonight because I want you to work hard
in America and I want you to make a
contribution to building our economy and
there are so many examples of people who
have it's also important though we give
the best possible education to everybody
in this country so that you can be
competitive I will do what I can working
with the teachers of america and dignity
injuries of America and secondary
education to get more young people the
best possible start in life but I'll
tell you if we don't do something with
early childhood education if we don't
help and especially can choose first
language may not be english if we don't
get you a chance to get well prepared
for school but you're not going to go as
far as you could say that's why I
believe those first five years why a
really important the family is the first
of all the parents in the first teachers
and we need to do more to help you
prepare your children to be successful
in school and so I wanna have universal
prekindergarten that will get every
opportunity to be prepared and then on
the other end I wanted to get in the
people in this crowd
how many of them had student loans
student loans to pay back my husband and
me pay them back but it was it like it
is today where it costs so much in the
interest rates are so high we have forty
million americans with student loans to
be able to re-finance those loans to a
lower interest rate and saying I was
raising its debt that a young person in
america to be able to refinance your dad
and then we need to make college
affordable I want to offer free
community college and get free tuition
at any public college or university you
can afford to go because here's what
happens if you're well even if your
grades weren't that great you are the
resources to go to college and graduate
class or you're working poor but you're
just an ambitious you're just as willing
to do what it takes
you may not have the resources to start
or you may not have the resources to
finish I'm gonna do everything I can to
the any young person in america can get
the job training you want an
apprenticeship if you wanted four-year
college if you wanted and a price you
can pay and that you'll be able to pay
as a percentage of the income that you
like teaching the game
get your education
republicans it dried 54 times to repeal
the Affordable Care Act
now they get a republican president LCC
I do but I will defend the Affordable
Care Act 18 million people are now
getting their health care through it
some changes that will improve the past
and your pocket expenses a prescription
drugs that are still sure that people
with mental health problems get taken
care of just like you are a caregiver
for somebody in with any other situation
like the professional caregivers think
you got some help you know we've got
millions of people who are taking care
of their loved ones and we've got
millions more who are working for the
minimum wage to take care of people we
can't do that we gotta be smart about
how we can for caregiving is we all face
the onslaught of Alzheimer's or what
happens when young people with autism
get older we got to be prepared for them
and there's something else we need to
treat right now and that's addiction 23
million people in this country
abuse problems
alcohol or drugs and they can't get help
even if they wanted only one in ten can
get help we've got to have more help and
more support for families and for those
who are dealing with the addicted
because right now
ended up in jail right and we end up
spending more money than I spent a lot
of time these days has to be drug courts
are about one the other day in western
Iowa and they've been doing good work
helping folks like me so they're
shutting it down because $3,500 for
somebody to go through drug court be
tested to try to get them off drugs get
treatment they go to prison for thirty
five thousand dollars it makes no sense
if we treat people its customers money
and save my and help them get better and
overcome this problem now there's a lot
that we have to fight for against the
republicans because they just have a
different approach to so many of the
issues that I think are important for
america today and I will I will fight to
defend a woman's right to choose and I
will
efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and
then to make sure that you can bet and
you will not be stuck trying to restrict
about it and I will do everything I can
to overturn a decision called citizens
united to make sure to make sure this
thing with each other and tired of
beginning in the insults in the attacks
in the remarks about people because of
their heritage of their religion who
they are what they do I'm over it I
don't think that I don't think that you
realize we get a political differences
we do have political differences we
should always be treating each other
with respect and that can't happen if
you're being you or your being and so I
feel we're missing something right now
in our politics we're not bringing
people together to try to find common
ground the way we need to
because there's a big group that don't
want to try they believe they have all
the answers I don't think anybody on
this earth has all the answers I think
we should be listening and learning from
each other you know when I was first
lady we were really hard to get health
care and I said ok we failed what we
gonna do now I got to work to try to
figure out how we're gonna insured
children I work with Republicans
Democrats and we ended up starting the
Children's Health Insurance Program
which takes care and provides health
care to eight million children in
America today and when I went to the
senate I learned that our national
guards men and women were not getting
health care except when they were
deployed you think that was right
teamed up with a Republican Senator
Lindsey Graham running for president on
the other side we work together at some
point you know we've been hard work on
anything else but that one issue but it
made a difference we passed a bill to
get health care
guardsmen women so they can be helped
their families can be home when I was
secretary of state I worked with
republicans we negotiated a deal to
correct the nuclear weapons in the
United States in russia and I've worked
with Republicans to Paris 67 votes it
was important treaty to each other
has tried so hard to find common ground
and he has reached out and he has
invited people and they just get further
and further away in their attitude
basically has become they don't even
like their own speaker of the house
because in their view of six hundred
percent with them with anybody in my
husband understands that was built and
people talking and then finding those
areas of agreement that's what we've got
to get back to do again anywhere anytime
to talk to anybody about finding common
ground that I will also be and because I
think president will be to raise incomes
for the middle class
deported opportunity still every child
in this country has a chance to live up
to his or her god-given potential and of
course I'm feeling that particularly
strongly these days I now have a
granddaughter who is white and
grandparents don't get a start it we
spent a lot of time you know just
looking after you just incredibly
wonderful and we'll do everything we can
to make sure she has opportunities she
can have in her life
think every family tries to do that for
their children and their grandchildren
we have a lot more blessings but you
know it's not enough we do what we can
for Charlotte because it matters we
couldn't tree tree she becomes an adult
is going to be waiting out there for her
will it be safe will it be prosperous
will it be peace
america's still be the land of
opportunity where immigrants are welcome
and where hard work is rewarding and
where people can get ahead and steve is
going to be there I'm betting that it
would but it's not gonna happen by just
venting to me I told you my grandfather
was a factory worker
my granddaughter is the granddaughter of
former President it's not enough that
the granddaughter of a former president
it had to be sure that the granddaughter
of factory workers in the grandsons of
truck drivers and the grand jury
teachers and workers and that's why I
need your help

everybody I just told Danielle she
really nailed that introduction she said
she had been practicing it last night I
said there's no substitute for
practicing you stand up in front of a
crowd of people and I think we should
give her another round of applause
organized people but not exclusively
Young who are filled organizing who are
volunteering full-time our fellows who
are part of this process and I could not
be prouder we have an amazing team
across the state who are working every
single day they just had a training
session with new thirty organizers of
the hundred fellows and we welcome each
and every one of you to be part of this
wedding campaign so that you can see
firsthand what it's like the tried to
work in a campaign on behalf
a better future for all of us and I am
grateful to any and all the hard-working
team here and I will I want to thank
President route for inviting me here I'm
always impressed by what I fear is
happening at uni was told about a
certain football game as well
but there's a lot more going on in
addition to winning at football I think
this university is winning in a lot of
ways and for that I congratulate not
only the leadership but all of you who
are part of making a difference here I
just had a chance to visit with a group
and faculty D as well as some others
from different colleges and universities
about the issue of domestic violence and
sexual assault on campus I did that in
part because I care deeply about the
issue and rolling out some policies
today that I think would help us move
this forward so that we would have more
comprehensive services for survivors we
would have much more emphasis on a fair
process and figure out exactly how you
do that and we would increase prevention
efforts are part of the reason I wanted
to come here and to talk about this is
because yesterday we celebrated the 21st
anniversary of the Violence Against
Women Act and that was a landmark piece
of legislation in our country and in
fact in the world the person chosen by
then President Clinton
efforts to translate into reality
what we meant by trying to prevent
violence against women was the former
attorney general Iowa bonnie campbell
who is here with us and where his body I
wanted a lot of their shoes back to the
office and the Department of Justice she
has made it her life's work she went
with me when I went to Beijing in 1995
on behalf of the United States to state
what should have been obvious but needed
to be said that human rights are women's
rights and women's rights are human
rights once and for all
with me because it wasn't just enough to
go and make a speech that was important
I didn't realize fully the importance
until I was very nervous I did it a lot
of people didn't want me to go I thought
I should but still wasn't clear exactly
what the outcome would be so it was
important to have with me
people like Bonnie who were doing the
work that the United States had to leave
to actually translate into positive
programs policies changes what we meant
we talked about women's rights and human
rights and particularly the scourge of
violence against women so this is a
special high in a special place to be
talking specifically about an issue that
affects one in five women on campus and
it is something deeply important to me
to try to work together with everybody
to bring about the changes that are
necessary and behavior and attitude
tried to confront the continuing
challenge of violence against women and
in particular here on campuses now I
want to be sure that we have a chance to
talk further about that but I also want
to lay out some of the other elements of
my
my agenda because I happen to think that
we have to get the basic bargain in
America working again for everybody what
do I mean by that
well it's pretty simple actually you
work hard and you do your part you
should be able to get ahead and stay
ahead that's how it's supposed to work
in america that is how it has worked for
generations my dad father was a factory
worker he went to work every single day
of his life in the hills worked there
for many years he did it because he had
to support his family but he also did it
because he believed as an immigrant to
this country that it would be better for
his children that they would have a
better life that is the essence of the
dream of the bargain right and it worked
three sides they all got to go to
college and my dad got out of college in
the middle of the depression he couldn't
find a job
jumped out of freight train don't do
this
took a train to Chicago began looking
for a job I got a job as a salesman
worked for a number of years went into
the Navy during World War Two and when
it came out he started a small business
and he worked really hard so there was a
very small business but it provided a
good solid middle-class life for my
family so here I am running for
president three generations and I am
deeply grateful to the hard work and
sacrifice of my family parents and
grandparents but to country because this
country held out promise it made a
bargain with them that was capped and I
want to be the president who make sure I
can look in the eyes of every single
person particularly young people in this
country and tell you honestly and truly
we're keeping that bargain for you to
look at anybody
everybody uses climate change
Syrian refugees and I am prepared and
ready to do that you know I'm gonna go
she hated a cease-fire between Israel
and Hamas in Gaza I put together the
coalition that came up with the
sanctions that brought Iran to the
negotiating table I know what we have to
do to protect our country to protect our
security and to meet the big challenges
but I also know that a lot of what is
affecting people today is what's going
on in their lives
how do they afford college how do they
pay off the debt once they get out of
college how do they afford child care if
they get that job that they how do they
get equal pay for equal work if they are
us from the headlines that must be
addressed by american leadership also
ready to take on those issues that keep
you up at night you talked about around
the kitchen table a source of worry and
concern I hear about them some amazing
experiences in the last month's coming
back into politics traveling around
elsewhere people tell me the most
personal concerns tell me about their
friend's child but they just buried from
a drug overdose they tell me about their
mother their fifty eight-year-old mother
who got addicted to opioids and just
died tell me about the untreated mental
health and the absolute inexplicable
decision by your governor to shut down
to appear for help
really really grabbed me they touched my
heart because I know what it's like to
worry I know what it's like to have to
be concerned about what's happening to
somebody you care about somebody you
love you and your family a friend yes I
wanna be the president also trying to
figure out how to how are you with more
opportunities and more tools and more
support the deal with all of those
problems as well and when it comes to
how we're going to keep that basic
bargain and fulfil that dream again
first and foremost we gotta get the
economy working for everybody
there's no two ways about it if it
doesn't work for everybody not just
those at the top so much of what we want
to do in our country cannot be realized
I will tell you without trying to be
either partisan her personal our country
does better we have a Democrat in the
White House
and I watch my husband's presidency how
hard it was trying to undo the effects
of trickle-down economics but by the end
of those eight years
peacetime expansion 23 million new jobs
and incomes rose not just lonely at the
top but in the middle and at the bottom
everybody was starting to do better and
we ended up with a balanced budget and a
surplus which would have given us real
opportunities in dealing with our
long-term challenges so I was elected in
2000 in the Senate from New York
fifty-five percent of all over 3.7
million votes so I went to the senate
really energized about what we could do
to chart a sensible course that would
continue our economic upward movement
very different the new republican
administration they want to undo
everything that had been done the last
eight years they want to go back to
trickle-down economics cut taxes on the
wealthy get out of the way of
corporations and everything will just be
by you know how that turned out
shortly after the November 2008 election
got a call from then president-elect
Obama he said he wanted to come see him
in Chicago I really had no idea why he
wanted me to be secretary of state but
in large measure he wanted to talk about
why he needed me to go out and deal with
the incredible problems we were
inherited around the world while he
tried to deal with the extraordinary
problems we had inherited right here at
home with an economy in recession
elected president and you get handed the
worst financial crisis since the Great
Depression the republicans want us to
have amnesia about why that happened
don't they want to just forget that it
happened on their watch their policies
thanks to the hard work of the american
people and the leadership of President
Obama who does not get the credit he
deserves for digging us out
we're standing my goodness we became
president 800,000 jobs
covered more than 12 million but we have
a ways to go yet even though we are
recovering jobs we haven't recovered
paychecks and income people are not back
to where they were before this big crash
wiped out jobs wiped out well and
decrease to do so we have to have an
economic policy that will reverse this
that's what I have laid out I have laid
out a specific set of policies that are
aimed at raising incomes again because I
think that is the central defining issue
in this campaign how we gonna raise
americans' incomes and how are we going
to make sure that the hard work
Americans do the productivity that we
have is going to be rewarded by a share
of the profits they help to make for the
corporations and businesses they work
for I am going to do everything I can to
incentivize profit-sharing it doesn't
matter to me if your are in the
headquarters or you're on the factory
floor if that company you're working for
is turning a profit you should be
rewarded and that is
exciting but I think it's important
because you know we need an agenda about
what we're fighting for this campaign
personalities are important I believe
that I've been around politics but you
know what I have found is that what
people tell you they're going to do
because chances are they will try to do
it and that's especially important when
it comes to women and women's issues
because what you will if you listen to
republicans is they have a very
different idea about what to do with the
economy now clearly they want to go back
to trickle-down economics you gotta
admire their persistence in believing a
failed policy I suppose there is
something that you got to give them
credit for their we can't afford to go
through that again that's what they are
they would do as president cut taxes on
the wealthy one more time
get out of the way of corporations but
that polo let them let them take
advantage of workers ok now we know
better than that but it's also important
to listen to them when they talk about
women because to me that a lot of what I
believe is important for women for
families and for our economy is just not
on their radar screen
at all so when I talk about strong grow
hair growth and long-term bro I have a
central plain about how we have to make
it more available to women to be in the
work force and to afford to be there in
order to stay engaged to contribute to
their own well-being and that of their
family and the economy because in the
work force you just look at the numbers
again family leave a woman's issue but
it's also an economic issue you
shouldn't have to lose your paycheck or
your job when you have a new baby or a
family member gets sick we make it just
about as hard as we can imagine more
women to be able to balance family and
work now I know there are men who do it
as well but predominantly it is still
women carry for newborns and babies
caring for relatives spouses and parents
and others and equal pay that shouldn't
even be debated debating it you know I
don't understand
and women's futures and the future of
families and our economy is an issue I
take serious and it's one that I'm
campaigning off and I'm going to
continue to speak out about raising the
minimum wage is a women's issue right of
the people they paid minimum wage in
America are women and here's one of the
worst things a lot of Americans don't
know about this and I am trying to talk
about it so I can get a real groundswell
of support as we raise the minimum wage
in the congress which we will get to it
will be a hard job but if we can elect a
more democrats for the next election
will raise the minimum
and when we raise wages in states and
localities which I also support do not
forget there are people in many places
in america today
predominantly women who get what is
called that tipped minimum wage know
what that is
they could be paid as little as $2.13
our waitress bartender because they will
get up to the minimum wage with tips the
reality is that often not the case that
in fact they may not get those tips or
they have to be harassed if their
employer pockets those tips so when we
raise the minimum wage we're going to do
away with this credible injustice of the
tip minimum wage people are going to all
eligible
opportunity to increase support women
doing work at home and work in the job
that leads me to something else we have
to do and that is confronting the
epidemic of sexual assault on college
campuses across our country I saw a head
nod when I said one in five women report
they were sexually assaulted during
college
around you if we were to have one out of
every five women stand up that was a
pretty big crowd here the impact on
their lives they're trying to manage the
emotional or physical sometimes
educational financial follow miss
classes some dropout never finish their
education
thankfully this is an issue that is
finally gaining the attention it
deserves but it is not enough to condemn
campus sexual assault
we need to end
and waking up to this challenge and I
campuses across the country including
very impressively this campus people are
coming together and coming up with
solutions I was really impressed by what
i herd has been happening here at uni
since 2000 you got the first grant from
that office Campbell first led all those
years ago began having what certainly
continues to be a somewhat challenging
conversation
everybody at the table listening to
people coming up with a way to approach
this problem and try to ended President
Obama's administration has worked hard
to shine a bright light on campus sexual
assault and I intend to keep talking
about it and building on that here's why
right now in too many places survivors
don't know where to go to go to try to
get help some campuses don't even offer
support and services including
counseling and health care so a lot of
young women are truly lost and left at
others presented maze of bureaucracy
that forces survivors to navigate that
without any real help one of the most he
times of their lives as president all
fight to make sure every campus offers
every survivor support she needs and
we'll make sure that those services are
comprehensive confidential and
coordinated I want to add to that
although survivors of sexual assault are
predominantly women is also happy
two men it happens to transgender
community it happens to others as well
so it mattered gender sexual orientation
ethnicity race services have to be there
for everyone
the process campus is confusing and many
who do choose which is a hard choice I
recognize to report in the criminal
justice system fear that their voices
will be dismissed instead heard so we
need to ensure a fair process for all
involved whether it's in campus
disciplinary proceedings or the criminal
justice system
rate is it wherever it happens and
school
I think it's both a legal obligation and
they moral obligation to protect every
student's right to get an education free
from discrimination free from fear
particularly as to one's safety reports
of sexual assault need to be treated
with the seriousness professionalism and
fairness they deserve
now we have a great resource in our
nation's law students who on many
campuses can help them navigate this
process there are some successful Law
Clinic models across the country where
students are already working alongside
experienced attorneys to provide
valuable assistance back when I was in
law school i volunteered for the New
Haven legal services program the best
things I did in law school that's part
of what inspired me to go to work for
the children's defense fund after I
graduated and so i'm looking for good
ideas that come from any where I heard
some great ones upstairs and I want to
come in
young man from one of the fraternities
here on campus who has taken on the
issue the fraternity has taken on the
issue of working to try to change
attitudes to educate not only their
fraternity members but the broader
campus and even beginning to reach out
into the community and I want to also
Amanda mentoring program for violence
prevention that was originated here on
campus there are good smart solutions we
just need more awful and we need to read
them so that more people have access to
them there are the issues of
responsibility and respect that started
long before students arrived on campus I
don't think it's enough to try to get a
better response once an assault
we need a stop sexual assault from
happening in the first place and we need
strong prevention efforts to change
attitudes associated with violence we
need to be spreading the ideas and
talking to young people literally
started in high school about issues like
consent and bystander prevention is the
lot bigger than a single conversation
freshman orientation or as I heard
earlier an online program everybody has
to take but it's kind of in isolation
you have to talk about this I have to
listen to each other to try to
understand that this is a serious
problem that can be solved
something that everybody can play a part
in addressing today I want to send a
message to every survivor of sexual
assault
don't let anyone silence your voice you
have the right to be heard you have the
right to be believed and we're with you
as you
on our campuses happens in the workplace
happens in the military for too many it
happens in homes and in their
communities that we need to take this on
as a broader campaign against violence
stops in afflicts women and girls here
at home and across the world now I'm
well aware when I talk about these
issues like paid leave people pay for
equal work reproductive rights sexual
assault against people on campus
republicans often say I'm playing the
gender card
well if supporting women's health and
women's rights is playing the gender
card deal me in because that
and we can expect to hear more of the
same the top down out of touch policies
that they've been talking for years they
actually seem oblivious or indifferent
how their ideas would hurt people last
time not one of them had a single word
to say about how to make college more
affordable not a word equal pay for
women or pay a family leave or quality
affordable preschool so our kids who get
the best start in life no real ideas
about promoting clean energy of
combating climate change
to keep growing the economy or trying to
bring down skyrocketing prescription
drug costs us ending the gun violence
that plagues our communities clearly
lives matter and no one defending
marriage equality
somewhat entertaining front-runner has
grabbed a lot of attention lately but if
you look at the policies of all of them
running they're pretty much the same
their truck just without the pizzazz in
the hair and demean women haven't you my
way recently said I don't have a clue
about women's health issues
he do a much better job for women that I
would and I set that is a general
election to be really
about denying victims of rape and incest
access to abortion governor bush says
five hundred million dollars is too much
to spend on women's health
bad cars in a medical doctor when asked
if he supports life of the mother
exceptions to abortion bans said I'm not
sure that the legitimate argument and
every single one of them wants to defund
Planned Parenthood
meet the mom her breast cancer early
because she got screen or the teenager
who avoided an unintended pregnancy
because she had access to birth control
or the survivor of sexual assault turned
to Planned Parenthood for emergency
contraception and testing and support
now these views might be acceptable in a
republican primary but they are dead
wrong for 21st century America and we
climate changes are going back to
trickle-down economics do matter what
they call at this time I've been
fighting for families and underdogs my
entire life now if you want a president
who will tell you everything that's
wrong about america and who is to blame
for it
you've got plenty of other choices but
if you want a president who will work
her heart out to forge a better stronger
and fairer country and America that
works for people again you're looking at
ur
wherever you have them in the real world
and the virtual next time someone sends
you a text or an invite to play candy
crush ask them if they're caught the sea
and right now you can text Shan Gao I
and 247 246 247 246 and go to Hillary
Clinton dot com I think this campaign is
one of the most important we've had in a
really long time I'm not running for my
husband's third-term and I'm not running
for President Obama's third term I'm
running for my first term but I can tell
you
I'd watch what I know how hard it is our
fingers and make the changes we think
are best for america weepy snap this is
hard this state
intense effort to find common ground to
build those relationships I did it and I
was in the white house when I was in the
senate and a secretary of state you know
after I worked really hard to try to get
health care and we got to rail I could
have given up but I did I said ok let's
at least get health care for our
children and I work with Congress
members and others to get the children's
health insurance program that insures
more than eight million kids to this day
and when I would I worked with anybody
who I thought had a good idea no pride
of authorship I work actually with one
of the fellows running for president on
the other side because we both saw the
same problem in our respective states
Lindsey Graham r-south Carolina me from
New York National Guard and Reserve
members who weren't getting health care
we did bipartisan legislation to make
sure those who served our country got
the care they deserve
reaching out constantly looking for ways
to find common ground with Republicans I
will go anywhere anytime to speak to
anybody about trying to find a common
ground I think that's what you're
supposed to do in a democracy for
different country there's a couple then
we could names pretty big ones and
contentious ones out there are you just
do what you're told
democracy there's no consensus there's
no compromise their way or no way
something we work in america it's
frustrating but over time we keep making
progress together and we produced
results if we stick with it I will stand
my ground against those who want to rip
out the progress that we have made
together over the last year's can't do
it without your health I think we are on
the way to a campaign of great
significance in laying out an agenda
that people can actually believe is
possible and then having election on
that agenda and then getting to work
every single day to achieve it so please
join me in helping to build an America
where everyone has a child has a shot at
achieving your dreams and living up to
their potential and yes we're a father
and say to his daughter you can be
anything you want even President of the
United States

Christie Vilsack Leonard and dodi
Boswell and your congressman for Iowa
Dave loebsack and I have to give I have
to give a special shout out to somebody
really special somebody whose birthday
is tomorrow
someone who reminds us that sometimes
you just have to let him hear you roar
Katy Perry thank you
Las Vegas
you know when republicans debate they
compete to insult each other
demean women and they double-down on
trickle-down actually it is reality TV
with a cast of characters who don't care
much about actual reality but there's a
big difference when we democrats debate
you see something you see us tackling
the hard issues looking for solutions to
our biggest challenges facing our
families and our country's how we gonna
raise wages and create more good jobs
how will we respond to climate change
and lift up our economy by investing in
clean energy how will we make college
affordable and get parents the paid
leave they need how will we working with
our teachers and our families help our
kids get ready to succeed in school
and how how are we going to rein in Wall
Street and lift up main street and how
much longer can we wait to stand up to
that gun lobby and keep our kids and our
communities safe in america democrats
are offering real solutions like
president Obama has done for the past
six and a half years and by his side
every step of the way
has been Vice President Joe Biden
has passionately for middle-class
families and middle-class values let's
show him how much we appreciate Vice
President Joe Biden all he's done for
our country let's give it up for the
vice president
no I think it's really important in this
election to remember what President
Obama inherited the republicans would
like us all to forget but he inherited
the worst financial crisis since the
Great Depression we were losing 800,000
jobs a month in right after that
election he called me asked me to come
see him in Chicago I didn't know why it
turned out he wanted to be to be
secretary of state but when we got there
it was just the two of us and we were
just talking and he was talking about
what he was facing he said you know it's
so much worse they told us we were
losing 800,000 jobs a month 9 million
Americans ended up losing their jobs and
five million lost their homes and listen
to this thirteen trillion dollars of
family wealth was wiped away I don't
think President Obama gets the credit he
deserves for rescuing our economy from
falling enjoy Great Depression
he's saved the auto industry he impose
tough new rules on Wall Street and the
extended health care 218 million
Americans what you can expect when you
vote for Democrats
when there's a democrat in the white
house America creates more jobs the
economy grows faster and deficits are
smaller and even though they hate it
when I say this recession's happened
four times more frequently under
republican presidents so we cannot
afford to go back to the republicans
failed policies now I'm not running for
my husband's third-term and I'm not
running for Barack Obama's third term
I'm running for my first
and I'm running as a proud Democrat
we need to defend the progress we've
made under President Obama and build on
it until the recovery is secure and all
americans have a chance to raise their
incomes and to believe once again in the
basic part of america
you know what it is if you work hard and
you do your part should be able to get
ahead and stay ahead but
Republicans and their allies have
stacked the deck for those at the top
there is something wrong when the top 25
hedge fund managers on more in a year
than all that kindergarten teachers in
america come by or top CEOs makes three
hundred times what a typical worker does
add or when corporate profits soar but
employees don't share in those profits
when it's easy for a big corporation to
get a tax break but it's still too hard
for a small business to get a loan when
the CEO of a drug company jacks up the
price of life-saving medicine 55
thousand percent overnight
and when the governor of this state he
chose a bipartisan compromise to fund
schools and keep mental health facility
is open
and now now your governor is threatening
to privatize Medicaid
and the hawkeye Children's Health
Insurance Program something I helped to
start in the nineteen nineties and
thousands of Iowans are standing up and
saying enough and I'm standing with you
I gotta tell you
that the republican candidates can help
themselves they're pushing the same
failed policies that crashed our economy
before you know what they are cutting
taxes on the super wealthy letting big
corporations write their own rules
busting unions ignoring the middle class
we've heard all this before and we know
what it does and of course none of them
is serious about climate change I love
it when they're asked about it you know
what their answer is I'm not a scientist
well why don't they start listening to
those who are scientists and
understanding what we're up against
around the world
republicans in congress have now voted
more than 50 times to repeal or weaken
the Affordable Care Act they want to
force Americans that is worthy of a big
bunch of booze because force Americans
to start a contentious health care
debate all over again now I believe we
can improve the Affordable Care Act but
we're not going to let them take us back
to insurance companies were riding their
own rules again you know what that was
like they even charge women more for our
coverage than men
and we sure can't let them take us back
to the wild west on Wall Street Rep
shield dodd-frank destroy the Consumer
Financial Protection Board we are going
to stand firm that's why I proposed
tough actions to end the abuses by the
big banks and the excessive risk in the
so-called shadow banking system we are
going just stop Wall Street hurting
mainstream and here we are
everyone here is here because you know
what's at stake in this election no
matter who you're for that's pretty
clear standing up here see who's sitting
where but we all agree on this we can't
let republicans keep rigging our
elections with secret unaccountable of
dark money
we need a supreme court that protects
the right of every citizen to vote not
the right of every corporation to buy
elections and I said from the very
beginning of my campaign even if it
takes a constitutional amendment we will
overturn Citizens United once and for
all
and you know I sometimes I sometimes
wonder whether you sign up to be a
Republican candidate for president they
put you into some kind of time machine
and they take you back fifty 7,500 years
because they keep saying the same out of
date out of touch things we will never
let the republicans or privatize Social
Security or end Medicare as some
promising
I am going to and support what president
Obama has done to protect dreamers and
their families to use executive action
to prevent deportation if we cannot get
comprehensive immigration reform as we
need and as we should
with a real path to citizenship that
will actually grow our economy then I
will go as far as I can even beyond
President Obama to make sure law abiding
decent hardworking people in this
country are not ripped away from their
families
people claim big government Republicans
sure love using government to step in
and make decisions for women about our
bodies and our right
I will do everything to protect a
woman's right to choose and a defend
Planned Parenthood
card
talk about equal pay paid family leave
affordable child care and women's health
is playing the gender card deal
just to rail against the Republic
billionaires we actually have to win
this election in order to rebuild the
middle class and make a positive
difference in people's lives we have to
build an america again
measured by how many people work their
way into the middle class not how many
CEOs get bonuses by how many children
climb out of poverty how many families
can afford health care how many young
people can go to college without taking
on gears
we should measures success in this
country as I said at the debate in Las
Vegas I'm a progressive who likes to get
things done
as a smart man once said there's nothing
wrong with America that can't be fixed
by what is right with america I donald
Trump when he says we have to make
America great again here's what I say
america is great we just have to make it
fair and just
we have to make america work for
everyone not just those at the top
that when Americans come together come
up with smart solutions and fight to get
results there's no challenge we can't
meet in at the top of my list of fights
we have to wage and when it's this
americans need a raise
that's why we must raise the minimum
wage no one who works full time should
live in poverty and I want companies to
have incentives to share more of their
profits with their employees who helped
make those profits in the first place
and companies that ship jobs and profits
overseas shouldn't get tax breaks you
should get tax breaks again I said I
want to be the small business president
and I mean it because small businesses
will create most of the good new jobs of
the future and they should have less red
tape easier access to credit and tax
relief and to create those new
good-paying jobs we have to get back to
investing in science and medical
research we should establish an
infrastructure bank to put Americans to
work building our roads our bridges are
airports are rails are broadband
networks
and I believe I believe we can make
America the world's clean energy
superpower by setting and reaching big
goals again half a billion solar panels
installed in four years and enough
renewable energy produced up power every
home in america and ten years can be
done because I was already leading the
way you're producing roughly a third of
your total electricity from wind and
other renewables I want the rest of the
country to follow your lead
our economy to grow like it should then
we have to make sure women who still
earn less than men on the job and women
of color who earned least of all finally
get a quote pay for equal work
short-changed you shortchange families
and you shortchange America and my
college compact will help students and
graduates refinance their debt just like
you can with a mortgage or car loan and
no one will have to borrow a cent to
attend community college or pay tuition
at a public college or university but
let me say this for a growth and
fairness economy that works for everyone
we can't forget acquired or problems
that often don't make the headlines I'm
also writing for the grandmother who
told me she's raising her grandchild
because of her daughter's struggle with
drug addiction but the mom who asked me
what she's going to do when her child
with autism gets older
for every family trying to cope with
untreated mental illness I'm fighting
for the man I met whose mother has
Alzheimer's he can't afford a full-time
caretaker so you know what he does he's
a teacher he takes his mother to work
with him for LGBT Americans who despite
all our progress and get married on
Saturday and fired on Monday in a lot of
states just because of who they are and
who they love for our veterans of all
ages who served our country with honor
and courage and deserve the benefits
they've earned without delays or abuses
fighting to reform criminal justice for
every mother and father who worry every
day that their child will be stopped by
the police just for being
african-american because she has black
wives matter
fighting to protect our kids in
communities from the plague of gun
violence you should be safe when you go
to school when you go to the movies when
you go to church that's why I'm
proposing common-sense gun safety
measures like universal background
checks closing the loopholes that let
guns fall into the hands of those who
shouldn't have them and repealing the
law that shields gun makers and sellers
from accountability been told to stop
shouting about ending gun violence well
I haven't been shouting but sometimes
when a woman speaks out some people
think it's shouting
I won't be silenced and I hope you won't
be either how many more people have to
die before we take action now folks I've
been at this effort to change and reform
our country for a long time and I
haven't won every battle but I've
learned from each one I know how to
stand my ground and how to find common
brown
that's how I worked with a republican
congress to help create the Children's
Health Insurance Program which covers
eight million kids that's why as a
senator I work with Republicans to
expand health benefits for our National
Guard and Reserves and for the
firefighters and police officers who
rushed or danger on 911 and later groups
sick from their time at Ground Zero and
secretary of state I bought for human
rights women's rights LGBT rights
Internet freedom American jobs and
security around persuading Russia and
China to join in imposing the toughest
sanctions in history on Iran and working
with Republicans and Democrats to get
the 67 votes we needed to ratify a
landmark nuclear arms control treaty I'd
spent my life working for children women
families in our country from the kitchen
table to the peace table trying to even
the odds for people who have the odds
stacked against them and I'm just
getting warmed job
with your support I'm going to deliver
and I didn't learn about fairness
justice opportunity and the American
Dream from politics I learned about it
from my own family my dad around a small
business in Chicago printing drapery
fabric taught me that anything good in
life is worth working for
and my mom had a hard life abandoned
mistreated and working as a maid at the
age of fourteen told me that it crucial
moments people showed her kindness like
that first grade teacher who made sure
she had enough to eat when her parents
didn't even care enough to make sure
that that's what about many reasons I'm
grateful to our educators instead of
becoming bitter or broken she became
resilient she taught me that everybody
gets knocked down in life but that
doesn't mean you stay down
get back up face your challenge just
solve your problems don't just complain
about them
the granddaughter of a factory worker in
the grandmother of the most wonderful
little girl in the world
I will do everything we can to ensure
she has every opportunity to succeed in
life but I don't think you should have
to be the grand daughter of a former
President Bashar in the promise of
america granddaughters and grandsons of
factory workers and truck drivers and
nurses and farmers should have that same
chance to every one of america's
children and grandchildren should have
the opportunity to live up to their
god-given potential that's what I'm
fighting for those struggling striving
and the successful I'm fighting for
everyone who's ever been knocked down
but refused to be knocked out and
together we're going to build an America
where there are no feelings for anyone
where no one gets left behind or left
out and yes we're a father can tell his
daughter you can be anything you want a
big and bloated president

you know over the past several months I
have listened to the problems that keep
american families up at night now most
people don't expect life to be easy but
they want more security a good paying
job that lets you afford a middle-class
lifestyle health care you can count on a
little bit put away for your retirement
being secure also means being safe safe
at home at school at work today I want
to talk about how we keep our country
safe from the threat that's on
everyone's minds the threat of terrorism
but I want to begin by saying we cannot
give in to fear we can't let it stop us
from doing what is right and necessary
to make us safe and doing it in a way
that is consistent with our values
we cannot let fear push us into reckless
actions that end up making us less safe
americans are going to have to act with
both courage and clarity now as we all
know on December 2nd to shoulders killed
14 people at a holiday party in San
Bernardino California sadly in america
and 2015 turning on the news and hearing
about a mass shooting is not unusual but
this one turned out to be different
because these killers were a husband and
wife inspired by Isis americans have
experienced terrorism before a 911 we
learned that terrorists in Afghanistan
could strike our homeland from Fort Hood
to Chattanooga to the Boston Marathon we
saw people radicalized here carrying out
deadly attacks but San Bernardino felt
different maybe it was the timing coming
so soon after the paris attacks maybe it
was how random it seemed a terrorist
attack in a suburban office not a
high-profile target or symbol of
American power it made us all feel that
could have been anywhere at any time
the phrase active shooter should not be
one we have to teach our children but it
is
we are all grappling with what this
means for future for our safety our
sense of well-being and our trust and
connections with our neighbors we want
to be open hearted and we want to
celebrate America's diversity not hear
it and while we know the overwhelming
majority of people here and around the
world
hate Isis and love peace we do have to
be prepared for more terrorists plotting
attacks just yesterday a man in maryland
was charged with receiving thousands of
dollars from Isis for use in planning an
attack and here in Minnesota authorities
have charged 10 men with conspiring to
provide material support to Isis but in
the Twin Cities you have also seen
firsthand how communities come together
to resist radicalization logo imams
condemning terrorist violence local
artists and activists pushing back
against terrorist propaganda I just met
with a group of community leaders told
me about some of the work and the
challenges that they are dealing with as
the first somali-american police
sergeant in Minnesota and probably in
the country said recently
safety is a shared responsibility so we
have to work together the threat
the threat we face is daunting but
America has overcome big challenges many
times before
throughout our history we have stared
into the face of evil and refused to
blank we'd be fascism won the cold war
brought Osama bin Laden to justice so no
one should ever underestimate the
determination of the American people and
I'm confident we will once again
shoes resolve over fear
and we will defeat these new enemies
just as we have defeated those who
threatened us in the past because it is
not enough to contain Isis we must
defeat Isis break its momentum and then
it's back and not just Isis but the
broader radical jihadist movement that
also includes al-qaida and offshoots
like al-shabab in Somalia now waging and
winning this fight will require serious
leadership but unfortunately our
political debate has been anything but
serious we can't afford another major
ground war in the Middle East
that's exactly what Isis wants from us
shallow slogans don't add up to a
strategy
promising to carpet bomb until the
desert blows doesn't make you sound
strong it makes you sound like you're in
over your head
and bigotry are not credentials for
becoming commander in chief and it is
hard to take seriously senators who
talked tough but then holed up key
national security
nominations including the top official
at the treasury department responsible
for disrupting terrorist financing
every day that's wasted on partisan
gridlock could put Americans in danger
so yes we need a serious discussion and
that's why in a speech last month before
the Council on Foreign Relations I laid
out a three-part plan to defeat Isis and
the broader extremist movement one
defeat Isis in the middle east by
smashing its stronghold hitting its
fighters leaders and infrastructure from
the air and intensifying support for
local forces who can pursue them on the
ground
second defeat them around the world by
dismantling the global network of terror
that supplies radical jihadists with
money
arms propaganda and fighters and third
defeat them fear at home by foiling
plots disrupting radicalization and hard
during our defenses now these three
lines of effort reinforce one another so
we need to pursue them all at once using
every pillar of American power it will
require skillful diplomacy to continue
secretary carey's efforts to encourage
political reconciliation in Iraq and
political transition in Syria enabling
more Sunni Arabs and Kurdish fighters to
take on Isis on both sides of the border
and to get our Arab and Turkish partners
to actually step up and do their part
it will require more USA and allied air
power and a broader targets set for
strikes by planes and drones with proper
safeguards it will require special
operations units to advise and train
local forces and conduct key
counterterrorism mission what it will
not require is 10
of thousands of American combat troops
that is not the right action for us to
take in this situation so there is a lot
to do today I want to focus on the third
part of my plan how we defend our
country and prevent radicalization here
at home we need a comprehensive strategy
to counter each step in the process that
can lead to an attack like the one in
San Bernardino first we have to shut
down Isis recruitment in the United
States especially online second stop
would-be jihadists from getting training
overseas and stop foreign terrorists
from coming here
third discover and disrupt plots before
they can be carried out
fourth support law enforcement officers
who risked their lives to prevent and
respond to attacks and fifth in power
are Muslim American communities who are
on the front lines
this is a 360 degree strategy to keep
America safe and i wanna walk through
each of the elements from recruitment to
training to planning execution Thurs
shutting down recruitment we have to
stop jihadists from radicalizing new
recruits in person and through social
media chat rooms and what's called the
dark web to do that we need stronger
relationships between Washington Silicon
Valley and all of our great tech
companies and entrepreneurs American
innovation is a powerful force and we
have to put it to work
defeating Isis that starts with
understanding where and how recruitment
happens our security professionals need
to more effectively tracked and analyzed
Isis is social media posts and map
jihadist networks and they need help
from the tech community companies should
redouble their efforts to maintain and
enforce their own service agreement and
other necessary policies to police their
networks identifying extremist content
and removing it now many are already
doing this and sharing those best
practices more widely is important at
the state department I started an inter
agency Centre to combat violent jihadist
messages to have a better way to
communicate on behalf of our values and
to give young people drawn to those
messages an alternative narrative we
recruited specialist low and in Arabic
Urdu and Somali to wage on line battles
with extremist to counter their
propaganda now these efforts have not
kept pace with the threat
so we need to step up our game in
partnership with the private sector and
credible moderate voices outside
government but that's just some of what
we have to do experts from the FBI the
intelligence community Homeland Security
DOD State Department and the technology
industry should work together to develop
a unified national strategy to defeat
Isis in cyberspace using all of our
capabilities to deny jihadist virtual
territory just as we work to deny them
actual territory and at the same time we
have to do more to address the challenge
of radicalization whatever form it takes
it's imperative that the saudis that
galleries the Pilates and others stop
their citizens from supporting radical
schools madrasas and mosques around the
world once and for all and that should
be the top priority in all of our
discussions with these countries now
second we have to prevent Isis recruits
from training abroad and prevent foreign
jihadists from coming here
most urgent is stemming the flow of
fighters from Europe and America to Iraq
and Syria and then back home again the
United States and our allies needs to
know the identities of every fighter who
makes that trip and then share
information with each other in real time
right now
European nations don't always alert each
other when they turn away a suspected
extremist at the border or when a
passport is stolen they have to
dramatically improve
intelligence-sharing and
counterterrorism cooperation and we're
ready to help them do that we also need
to take down the network of enablers who
helped jihadis finance and facilitate
their travel forged documents and evade
detection and the United States and our
allies should commit to revoke the
passports and visas of jihadists who
have gone to join Isis or other groups
and bring the full force of the law
against them as I've said before United
States has to take a close look at our
visa programs and I am glad the
administration and Congress are stepping
up scrutiny in the wake of San
Bernardino and that should include
scrutinizing applicants social media
postings we also should just dispatched
more homeland security agents to high
risk countries to better investigate
these applicants for many years america
has waived visa requirements for
travelers from countries with reliable
security procedures including key allies
in Europe and Asia that makes sense but
we also have to be smart except for
limited exceptions like diplomats and
aid workers and they want to as traveled
in the past five years to a country
facing serious problems with terrorism
and foreign fighters should have to go
through a full these investigation no
matter where they're from
we also have to be vigilant in screening
and vetting refugees from Syria guided
by the best judgment of our security and
diplomatic professionals rigorous
vetting already takes place while
refugees are still overseas and it's a
process that historically takes 18 to 24
months but congress needs to provide
enough resources to ensure we have
sufficient personnel deployed to run the
most thorough passable process and just
as importantly we cannot allow
terrorists to intimidate us into
abandoning our values and our
humanitarian obligations
applying a religious test that
discriminates against Muslims slamming
the door on every single syrian refugee
that is not who we are as Americans we
are better than that
it would be a cruel irony indeed if Isis
can force families from their homes and
then also prevent them from finding new
ones so after rigorous screening we
should welcome families fleeing Syria
just as the Twin Cities and this state
have welcomed previous generations of
refugees exiles and immigrants
the key used to prevent terrorists also
from exploiting our compassion and
endangering our security we can do this
and I think we must third we have to
discover and disrupt jihadist plots
before they can be carried out this is
going to take better intelligence
collection analysis and sharing I
proposed an intelligence surged against
Isis that includes more operations
officers and linguists enhancing our
technical surveillance of overseas
targets intercepting terrorists
communications flying more
reconnaissance missions to track
terrorist movements and developing even
closer partnerships with other
intelligence services President Obama
recently signed the USA Freedom Act
which was passed by a bipartisan
majority in Congress it protects civil
liberties while maintaining capabilities
that our intelligence and law
enforcement agencies need to keep us
safe however the new law is now under
attack from presidential candidates on
the left and right
somewhat strip away crucial
counterterrorism tools even with
appropriate judicial and congressional
oversight and others seem eager to go
back to discredited practices of the
past I don't think we can afford to let
either of you prevail now encryption of
mobile devices and communications does
present a particularly tough problem
with important implications for security
and civil liberties law enforcement and
counterterrorism professionals warn that
impenetrable encryption may make it
harder for them to investigate plots and
prevent future attacks on the other hand
there are very legitimate worries about
privacy network security and creating
new vulnerabilities that bad actors can
exploit I know there's no magic fix to
this dilemma that will satisfy all these
concerns but we can't just throw up our
hands but tech community and the
government have to stop seeing each
other as adversaries and start working
together to keep us safe from terrorists
and even as we make sure law enforcement
officials get the tools they need to
prevent attacks it's essential that we
also make sure jihadis don't get the
tools they need to carry out attacks it
defies common sense that republicans in
congress refuse to make it harder for
potential terrorists to buy guns
you are too dangerous to buy a gun and
we should and
comprehensive background checks and
close loopholes that allow potential
terrorists to buy weapons online or at
gun shows and I think it's time to
restore the ban on assault weapons and
high capacity
nothing to do with terrorism for them
terrorists use guns to kill Americans
and I think we should make it a lot
harder for them to do that every day
and there's a question a question they
should be asked why don't the Republican
candidates want to do that
UCI of this old fashioned idea that we
elect a president in part in large part
to keep us safe from terrorists from gun
violence from whatever threatens our
families and communities and I'm not
going to let the gun lobby or anyone
else tell me that's not the right path
now the fourth in my strategy is
supporting law enforcement officers who
risked their lives to prevent and
respond to terrorist attacks in San
Bernardino city county state and federal
authorities acted with speed and courage
to prevent even more loss of life
detective was honor a fifteen-year
police veteran assured terrified
civilians I'll take a bullet before you
do there is no limit to the gratitude we
all to law enforcement professionals
like that detective who run toward
danger to try to save lives and not just
in the immediate wake of an attack our
police firefighters and emergency
responders will keep putting their lives
on the line long after the cameras move
on its really disgraceful that Congress
has thus far failed to keep faith with
first responders suffering from a
lasting health effects of 911
women I was so proud to represent as a
senator from New York there's a drug 911
Health Act never should have been
allowed to lapse it looks like majority
leader McConnell may have finally
dropped his opposition and I hope the
american people will hold him to that
and we will continue to honor the
service and sacrifice of those who
responded to the worst terrorist attack
in our history we have to make sure that
local law enforcement has the resources
and training they need to keep us safe
and they should be more closely synched
up with national counter terrorism
experts including with better use of
fusion centers that serve as clearing
houses for intelligence and coordination
and we need to strengthen our defenses
and are resilient wherever we're
vulnerable whether it's soft targets
like shopping malls or higher profile
targets like airports railways or power
plants we have to build on the progress
of the Obama administration and locking
down loose nuclear materials and other
WMD so they never fall into the hands of
terrorists who seek them actively around
the world so we should be providing the
Department of Homeland Security with the
resources it needs to stay one step
ahead not trying to privatize he
functions like TSA as some Republicans
have proposed and it's important for us
to recognize that when we talk about law
enforcement we have made progress in
being sure that our federal authorities
share information with our state and
local authorities but that was an issue
I tackled after 911 and we have to stay
really vigilant so that information is
in the
hands where it needs to be now finally
the fifth element in the strategy is
empowering Muslim American communities
who are on the front lines in the fight
against radicalization there are
millions of peace-loving American
Muslims living working raising families
paying taxes in our country these
American
Americans may be our first last and best
defense against homegrown radicalization
and terrorism they are the most likely
to recognize the insidious effects of
radicalization before it's too late
intervene to help a young person
straight they are the best position to
block anything going forward
that's why law enforcement has worked so
hard since 911 to build up trust and
strong relationships within Muslim
American communities here in the Twin
Cities you have an innovative
partnership that brings together parents
teachers imams and others in the
somali-american community with law
enforcement nonprofits local businesses
mental health professionals and others
to intervene with young people who are
at risk
it's called the building community
resilience pilot program and it deserves
increased support it has not gotten the
financial resources that it needs to do
everything the people involved in it
know they can do and we've got to do a
better job of support
now I know like many places across the
country there's more work to do to
increase trust between communities in
law enforcement just last month I no
hear a young african-american man was
fatally shot by a police officer and I
understand an investigation is underway
whatever the outcome tragedies like this
raised had questions about racial
justice in America and put at risk
efforts to build the community
relationships that help keep us safe
from crime and from terrorism when
people see that respect and trust are
two way streets they are more likely to
work hand-in-hand with law enforcement
one of the mothers of 10 men recently
charged with conspiring with terrorists
said we have to stop the denial he told
other parents we have to talk to our
kids and work with the FBI that's a
message we need to hear from leaders
within Muslim American communities
across our country but we also want to
highlight the successes and Muslim
American communities and there are so
many of them I just met with the first
somali-american council member of the
City Council here
proudly telling me how much change
Somali immigrants now Muslim Americans
have made in parts of the city in
neighborhoods that had been pretty much
hollowed-out let's look at the successes
if we're going to fully integrate
everyone into america then we need to be
seeing all their contributions to and
that is one of the many reasons why we
must all stand up against offensive
inflammatory hate and child mostly
rhetoric
do these comments cut against everything
we stand for as americans they are also
dangerous as the director of the FBI
told congress recently anything that
erodes trust with muslim-americans makes
the job of law enforcement more
difficult we need every community
invested in this fight not alienated and
sitting on the sidelines one of the
community leaders I met with told me
that a lot of the children in the
community are now afraid to go to school
there not only afraid of being perceived
as a threat they are afraid of being
threatened because of who they are
this is such a open hearted and generous
community I hope there will be even more
efforts perhaps under the aegis of the
university and certainly Governor Dayton
and others to bring people together to
reassure members of the community
particularly children and teenagers that
they are welcome
invited and valued here in this city and
state
a ban on all Muslims entering the United
States has rightly sparked outrage
across our country and around the world
even some of the other republican
candidates are saying he's gone too far
but the truth is many of those same
candidates have also said disgraceful
things about Muslims and this kind of
divisive rhetoric actually plays into
the hands of terrorists it alienates
partners and undermines moderates we
need around the world in this fight
against Isis you know you hear a lot of
talk from some of the other candidates
about coalitions everyone seems to want
one but there's not nearly as much talk
about what it actually takes to build a
coalition and make it work I know how
hard this is because I've done it and I
can tell you insulting potential allies
doesn't make it any easier
dehumanizing Muslims also feeds a
narrative that jihadists you to recruit
new followers around the world that the
United States is at war with Islam as
both the pentagon and the FBI have said
in the past week we cannot in any way
lend credence to that twisted idea this
is not a clash of civilization
this is a clash between civilization and
barbarism and bad how it must be seen
and Paul
open society is a vulnerability in the
struggle against terrorism I disagree I
believe our tolerance and diversity are
at the poor of our strength at a
naturalization ceremony for new citizens
today in Washington President Obama
noted the tension throughout our history
between welcoming or rejecting the
stranger it is he said about the meaning
of America what kind of country do we
want to be and it's about the capacity
of each generation to honor the Creed as
old as our founding E pluribus unum out
of many we are one President Obama's
right and it matters it's no coincidence
that American Muslims have long been
better integrated and less susceptible
to radicalization of Muslims in less
welcoming nations and we cannot give
into demagogues who play on our basest
instincts we must instead rely on the
principles written in to our american
DNA freedom equality of opportunity
america is strongest when all our people
believe they have a stake in our country
and our future no matter where they're
from what they look like how they
worship or who they love our country was
founded by people fleeing religious
persecution as george washington put it
the United States gives to bigotry no
sanction to persecution no assistance so
to all our Muslim American brothers and
sisters this is your country true and I
am proud to be your fellow
America
particularly our republican friends at
George W Bush was right
six days after 911 he went Muslim
community center and here's what he said
those who feel like they can intimidate
our fellow citizens to take out their
anger don't represent the best of
america they represent the worst of
humankind and they should be ashamed of
that kind of behavior so
America you need look no further than
army captain he was born in the United
Arab Emirates moved to Maryland as a
small child he later graduated from the
University of Virginia before enlisting
in the United States Army in June 2004
he was serving in Iraq one day while his
infantry unit was guarding the gates of
their base a suspicious vehicle appeared
captain Khan told his troops to get back
but he went forward he took ten steps
toward the car before it exploded
captain card was killed but his unit was
saved by his courageous act captain
Colin was posthumously awarded the
Bronze Star and Purple Heart he was just
27 years old we still wonder what made
him take those ten steps as father said
in a recent interview maybe that's the
point he went on where all the values
all the service to country all the
things he learned in this country
kicked in it was those values that made
him take those ten steps those ten steps
told us we did not make a mistake in
moving to this country
his father as hard as this is it is time
to move from fear to resolve to stand up
and say we are americans we are the
greatest nation on earth not in spite of
the challenges we faced but because of
them Americans will not buckle or break
we will not turn on each other or turn
on our principles
ads we will pursue our enemies with
unyielding power and purpose we will
rush there would be Caliphate and
counter radical jihadism wherever it
takes root we're in it for the long haul
and will stand taller and stronger than
they can possibly imagine that's what we
do here that's who we are that's how we
will win by looking at one another with
respect with concern with commitment
that's the America that I know makes us
all so proud to be a part of
thank you all very much

thank you so much
it is really a great delight
to be here with olive you and with my
fellow candidates I want to congratulate
all the inductees and
and a thank you for what you're doing to
bring back to Democratic Party and Iowa
the
just look around this room
and you can see that democrats are
united
where energized and we are ready HO way
and this election
now I know and you do as well that
elections are always about the future
but this time
I feel that even more powerful E maybe
it's because our country as works so
hard
to come back from the financial crisis
with President Obama's leadership and
the determination of the American people
where standing again the
but we're not yet running
the way america should and now we have
to choose
whether we're going to return to the
failed
top-down policies that wrecked our
economy before
or move forward to chart a stronger
fairer and more prosperous future now
maybe it is the grandmother and made but
this is deeply
personal there's something about
becoming a grand parent it is truly
transformational someone you know what
I'm talking about
it anchors you in the present and you
suddenly have this incredible amazing
little person who commands a lot of
attention
but it also forces you to think about
the future
in a new way what kind I've
world will be waiting for her what kind
of country
will we have when she becomes an adult
and what are our responsibilities to
shape that
I'm thinking a lot these days
about my own mother and what she did for
me
abandoned and mistreated by her own
family
she was out on her own by 14
working as a housemaid but she didn't
givin to bitterness or despair
and I remember asking her how did you
keep
your resilience how did you keep your
faith in the goodness of people and a
future
that would be better in the past and
here's what
she said someone
along the way believed she mattered
the first grade teacher who saw she had
nothing to eat
at lunch and without embarrassing her
brought extra food to share the woman
whose house she cleaned suggesting she
go
to high school so long as her work
was done and because those people
believed
in her she was able to believe
in me and to give me that great gift
a believing in others and in our country
so my mom wasn't surprised that my first
job out of law school was at the
children's defense fund
she wasn't surprised that I've spent my
life
fighting for women and children families
and our country after all that's what
she taught me to do
and she never stopped pushing me to
fight
harder for others to have the same
opportunities she never had
I can still hear her saying
lives not about what happens to you it's
about what you do
with what happens to you cell get back
out there
and that's why I'm here with you
today the
that's why I'm so determined to build a
better future
catch just for my granddaughter but for
all love our children and grandchildren
and that's why
I'm never going to let the republicans
rip away the progress we have made
the
you know we democrats are in the future
business
but from the republican candidates for
president we see the opposite
now they may have some fresh faces
but they are the party up the past
we democrats we look at america
and we see limitless potential we
believe
in a basic bargain if you work hard
and do your part you should be able to
get ahead
and stay ahead and we believe that the
measure
up our 6s should be how much
incomes rise for hard-working families
not just for CEOs and money managers
the
well republicans believe something
very different their answer
is always the same cut taxes for the
super wealthy
let big corporations right their own
rules
that's it trickle-down economics has to
be one of the worst
ideas up the 1980s the
it is right up there with new call
shoulder pads and big hair
I lived through it
and there are photographs and we're not
going back to that
this past Monday I laid out an agenda
for raising incomes
so hard working americans can afford
a middle-class life an agenda for strong
growth
fair growth and long-term growth that
will be my mission from the first day
I'm president
to the last and this campaign
hasta
how we unlocked the potential I've
every American because bad is how
we unlock the potential America itself
now I'm having I'm having a great debate
already with republicans about what that
means for our country
in the past week governor bush scramble
to explain his statement
that americans need to work longer hours
he now says he just wants part time
workers to be able to find
full-time jobs well so do I there's just
one problem:
his policies and the policies are all
these republican candidates
would make that harder giving more tax
cuts to those at the top
won't do anything four-part Turner
part-time workers
rolling back rules for Wall Street will
not help families
get ahead and getting red
up the Affordable Care Act certainly
won't help
entrepreneurs just ask the folks in the
sharing economy
Americans don't need lectures
they need raises the
so if Republicans really want to help us
why don't they
join us in breaking down the barriers
so more americans can enter and succeed
in the workforce
especially women now
now I know that when I
talk about this some people think I can
see it in their eyes
there she goes again with the women's
issues
well I'm not going to stop so get ready
for a long campaign
the
you see I have this I have this
old-fashioned idea we can't afford to
leave
anyone on the sidelines and women who
want to work should be
able to do sell without worrying
everyday about how they're going to take
care of their child or
what will happen if a family member gets
sick
that's not a luxury it's a growth
strategy
paid bleach earned sick days
child-care minimum wage these are not
women's issues their family issues
and their economic issues the
so I will keep fighting for them and ask
you
to joy and I'm going to keep fighting
for equal pay because when women get
short-changed families get shortchange
and when families get shortchanged our
economy
and our country get shortchanged
unlocking potential though
goes beyond dollars and cents it really
is about our values
how we treat each other the kind of
country we want to build
and that historic day last month when
marriage equality
became the law of the land
Republican candidates were complaining
not sharing we even
her to call for abolishing the Supreme
Court
itself instead have
trying to turn the clock back
republicans
should be joining us in saying loudly
and
clearly Knoll to discrimination once and
for all
LGBT Americans
should be free not just to marry
but to live learn and
work just like everybody else
the
and then there's immigration we've heard
a lot recently from the new Republican
front-runner
donald Trump finely
a candidate whose hair gets more
attention
than mine the in
but there's nothing funny about the
haiti is
spewing toward immigrants and their
families it really is shameful
and so is the fact that it took weeks
for most of his fellow Republican
candidates to stand up to him
the sad truth is if you look
at many up their policies it is hard
to tell the difference just look across
the border
in Wisconsin
Governor Walker kicked off his campaign
by rolling back
reproductive rights for women and
stripping
union workers up their rights we don't
need
anymore politicians who shame and blame
women for making
our own reproductive health decisions or
attacking unions for fighting for
middle-class jobs
the
and
and I know there are challenges right
here
in iowa because you've been talking to
me about them just listen to this
Iowa has fewer
than 750 beds
for more than 120
aid thousand people in your state
with serious mental illnesses families
worry about relatives who need help in
can't get it
and the I ones I've talked to
don't understand why your governor would
veto a bipartisan compromise without
funding a viable alternative and that's
not all
the government also said no to investing
and I was students teachers and schools
so tonight I'm adding my boys to yours
governor branstad put down your veto pen
the
the
I love families don't need a standoff
they need solutions the
that's why we can't wear cascade Cascade
like they're trying to do we are not
going back to trickle-down economics are
the wild west on wall street where not
going back
to insurance companies charging women
more for the same coverage
we're not going back to denying climate
change
if you ask most of these republican
candidates about that they'll say sorry
I'm not a scientist well then why don't
they start listening to those who are
scientists
the
look I'm not a scientist either I'm just
a grandmother with two eyes and a brain
and I'm not gonna let them take us
backwards
the
democrats join me let's build up our
party in every corner of this state and
country
elect Democrats at every level take back
school board's and statehouses
all the way to the White House I'm
running to make our country work for you
and for every american for the
struggling
a striving and the successful for the
factory workers in the fold servers who
have taken care about us tonight
for the back trends have served our
country for the farmers
will feed us and the small business work
owners who take a rest
for the nurses who work the night shift
in the truckers you drive for
hours I am running for everyone who's
ever been knocked down but refused to be
knocked out
I'm running for you were gonna build
America
where we don't leave anyone out our
anyone behind
where view work are you well do your
part and get ahead
and where a father can tell his daughter
yes you can be anything you want to be
even president Ave oneida stay
thank you all very much
there answer is always the same
cut taxes for the super wealthy
let big corporations right their own
rules
that's it trickle-down economics has to
be one of the worst
ideas up the 1980s
it is right up there with new call
shoulder pads and big hair
I lived through it
and there are photographs and we're not
going back to that
this past Monday I laid out an agenda
for raising incomes
so hard working americans can afford
a middle-class life an agenda for strong
growth
fair growth and long-term growth that
will be my mission from the first day
I'm president
to the last and this campaign
hasta
how we unlocked the potential I've
every American because that is how
we unlock the potential America itself
now I'm having I'm having a great debate
already with republicans about what that
means for our country
in the past week governor bush scramble
to explain his statement
that americans need to work longer hour
he now says he just wants part time
workers to be able to find
full-time jobs well so do I there's just
one problem his policies and the
policies are all these republican
candidates
would make that harder giving more tax
cuts to those at the top
won't do anything for part term
part-time workers
rolling back rules for Wall Street will
not help families
get ahead and getting red
up the Affordable Care Act certainly
won't help
entrepreneurs just ask the folks in the
sharing economy
Americans don't need lectures
they need raises the
so if Republicans really want to help us
why don't they
joining us in breaking down the barriers
so more americans can enter and succeed
in the workforce
especially women now
now I know that when I
talk about this some people think I can
see it in their eyes
there she goes again with the women's
issues
but there's nothing funny about the
haiti is
spewing toward immigrants and their
families it really is shameful
and so is the fact that it took weeks
for most of his fellow Republican
candidates to stand up to him
the sad truth is if you look
at many up their policies it is hard
to tell the difference just look across
the border
in Wisconsin
Governor Walker kicked off his campaign
by rolling back
reproductive rights for women and
stripping
union workers up their rights we don't
need
anymore politicians who shame and blame
women for making
our own reproductive health decisions or
attacking unions for fighting for
middle-class jobs
the
and
and I know there are challenges right
here
and I will because you've been talking
to me about them just listen to this
Iowa has fewer
than 750 beds
for more than 120
aid thousand people in your state
with serious mental illnesses families
worry about relatives who need help and
can't get it
and the I ones I've talked to
don't understand why your governor would
veto a bipartisan compromise without
funding a viable alternative and that's
not all
the government also said no to investing
and I was students teachers and schools
so tonight I'm adding my voice to yours
governor branstad put down your veto pen
the
our families don't need a standoff
they need solutions the
that's why we can't where cascade
Cascade
like they're trying to do we are not
going back to trickle-down economics are
the wild west on wall street where not
going back
to insurance companies charging women
more for the same coverage
we're not going back to denying climate
change
if you ask most of these republican
candidates about that they'll say sorry
I'm not assigned well I'm not going to
stop so get ready for a long campaign
the
you see I have this I have this
old-fashioned idea we can't afford to
leave
anyone on the sidelines and women who
want to work should be
able to do sell without worrying
everyday about how they're going to take
care of their child or
what will happen if a family member gets
sick
that's not a luxury it's a growth
strategy
paid bleach earned sick days
child-care minimum wage these are not
women's issues their family issues
and their economic issues the
so I will keep fighting for them and ask
you
to joy and I'm going to keep fighting
for equal pay because when women get
short-changed families get shortchange
and when families get shortchanged our
economy
and our country get shortchanged
unlocking potential though
goes beyond dollars and cents it really
is about our values
how we treat each other the kind of
country we want to build
and that historic day last month when
marriage equality
became the law of the land
Republican candidates were complaining
not sharing
we even her to call for abolishing
the Supreme Court itself instead
trying to turn the clock back
republicans
should be joining us in saying loudly
and
clearly Knoll to discrimination once and
for all
LGBT Americans should be free
not just to marry but to
live learn and work just like everybody
else
the
and then there's immigration
we've heard a lot recently from the new
Republican front-runner donald Trump
finely a candidate
whose hair gets more attention than mine
the in
they believed she mattered the first
grade teacher who saw she had nothing to
eat
at lunch and without embarrassing her
brought extra food to share the woman
whose house she cleaned suggesting she
go
to high school so long as her work
was done and because those people
believed
in her she was able to believe
in me and to give me that great gift
a believing in others and in our country
so my mom wasn't surprised that my first
job out of law school was at the
children's defense fund
she wasn't surprised that I've spent my
life
fighting for women and children families
and our country after all that's what
she taught me to do
and she never stopped pushing me to
fight
harder for others to have the same
opportunities she never had I can still
hear her saying lives not about what
happens to you it's about what you do
with what happens to you cell get back
out there
and dats why I'm here with you
today
the
that's why I'm so determined to build a
better future
attack just for my granddaughter but for
all love our children and grandchildren
and that's why
I'm never going to let the republicans
rip away the progress we have made
the
you know we democrats are in the future
business
but from the republican candidates for
president we see the opposite
now they may have some fresh faces
but they are the party up the past
we democrats we look at america
and we see limitless potential we
believe
in a basic bargain if you work hard
and do your part you should be able to
get ahead
and stay ahead and we believe that the
measure
up our 6s should be how much
incomes rise for hard-working families
not just for CEOs and money managers
the
well republicans believe something very
different
thank you all
thank you so much it is really a
a great delight to be here with olive
you and with my
fellow candidates I want to congratulate
all the inductees and
and a thank you for what you're doing to
bring back the Democratic Party and Iowa
the
just look around this room
and you can see that democrats are
united
where energized and we are ready HO way
and this election
now I know and
you do as well that elections are always
about the future
but this time I feel that even more
powerful E
maybe it's because our country as works
so hard
to come back from the financial crisis
with President Obama's leadership and
the determination of the American people
where standing again
but we're not yet running the way
america should
and now we have to choose whether we're
going to
return to the failed top-down policies
that wrecked
our economy before or move forward
to chart a stronger fairer
and more prosperous future now maybe
it is the grandmother and made but this
is deeply
personal there's something about
becoming a grand parent it is truly
transformational someone you know what
I'm talking about
it anchors you in the present and you
suddenly have this incredible amazing
little person who commands a lot of
attention
but it also forces you to think about
the future
in a new way what kind I've world
will be waiting for her what kind of
country
will we have when she becomes an adult
and what are our responsibilities to
shape that
I'm thinking a lot these days
about my own mother and what she did for
me
abandoned and mistreated by her own
family
she was out on her own by 14
working as a housemaid but she didn't
givin to bitterness or despair
and I remember asking her how did you
keep
your resilience how did you keep your
faith in the goodness of people and a
future
that would be better in the past and
here's what
she said someone
along the way

on this beautiful day out in the
sunshine historic setting the first
president of the united states that ever
came here untold was george washington
had a lot to do with leading our country
and forming it and I am so proud that
you have as your governor a great leader
like Terry McAuliffe
shy and retiring job but I think there's
a real lesson not only in what he did
when he ran for your governorship but
when he has served for you he set out a
progressive agenda he laid out very
clearly what he wanted to do and then I
got to work doing it in addition to all
of the promises he made that he has cap
he has continued with enthusiasm and
energy to drive a lift up the people of
the Commonwealth he's not trying to
divide people and set them against each
other as he is trying to bring people
together to get better jobs and rising
incomes and make sure the children of
Virginia get the health care they need
the nutrition that they need a great
team I wanna thank dick saslaw the
Democratic leader in the virginia state
senator is here
gunfire whose district we are in all the
elected officials
have a big election coming up in June
weeks and it really matters that you
come out and vote because it will
determine how much more Terry can get
done in the years remaining in his term
he's already as he said helped to drive
down the unemployment rate
create and bring more jobs to Virginia
think of what he could do for you if he
had partners in the state Senate and the
Statehouse I think everybody for coming
out here today but I especially thank
the veterans the active-duty
servicemembers the military families who
are representing here today I know a lot
of you are taking time out from your job
and your families to be here and i
really appreciate it because you know
how important this election is it's
going to have a big impact on the future
for us for our families and for our
country and we're facing a very stark
choice either we're going to build on
the progress we've made under President
Obama
gonna give republicans another chance to
tear down everything we've worked so
hard to bill I know that Republicans
would rather have us forget but I
remember when President Obama came into
office he was facing the worst financial
crisis since the Great Depression I
remember meeting with me call me shortly
after the election asked me to come to
Chicago I didn't know why at the time
turned out he wanted me to be as
secretary of state which I was very
first part of our conversation talking
about how bad things were here it was
this new young dynamic president and the
republicans on the way out the door
hey by the way we're losing 800,000 jobs
a month the auto industry is on the
brink of collapse taken millions more
jobs with it and president-elect Obama
said you know it so much worse than they
told us he got to work and we've come a
long way
I don't think President Obama gets the
credit he deserves for letting us out of
that Great Recession economy from what
could have been a great depressions a
rescue the auto industry he began to
crack down on Wall Street abuses and on
top of that he helped eighteen million
more Americans get health insurance
through the airport so I agree with what
Vice President Biden said the other day
in the Rose Garden Democrats should be
proud of that record of a chain men and
women should have been elections about
the future isn't it and there's a lot
more work that has to be done
President Obama Vice President Biden
would be the first to say that and I
know they'll both feet fighting the
fight that they have been committed to
after they leave office but when I look
at what we have to do I'm filled with
excitement and optimism I'm not running
for President Obama's third term I'm not
running for bill clinton's third-term
I'm running for my first
their records should make democrats
proud and they should make Americans
proud I spent the first part of this
campaign traveling across our country
listening to people I visited folks in
their homes schools businesses and I
listened I listened as they told me
about their lives the good the bad it's
amazing when you run for office if you
actually listen people will open their
hearts to you they will tell you things
that maybe their family members or their
neighbors certainly don't know and
here's what I've heard people feel like
after six and a half years of hard work
and sacrifice america is standing again
but we're not running yet the way we
should for most people
paychecks haven't budged in years the
minimum wage should be called when it is
a poverty wage many women yes till 2015
many women are paid less than men for
doing the same were
and women of color earn even less
just this week the Department of Labor
released new data showing that as our
economy gets stronger men's pay is going
up more than twice as fast as women's
pay meanwhile the cost of everything
from college to prescription drugs keeps
going up in a quality is a huge problem
in America and we cannot go back to the
policies that actually made it worse in
the nineteen nineties at the end of two
terms of my husband we had not only 23
million new jobs we had incomes rising
for everybody
the ranch middle class working folks the
poor everybody was getting ahead look at
what's happening now and why is that
it's because we haven't focused on what
the central economic issue is how do we
get incomes rising again and how do we
begin to rein in the costs that are such
a burden just so many americans look at
the way student debt is weighing people
down million Americans have student debt
how many of you in this crowd have
student death I've got a plan to the two
could refinance it and get out from
under that student debt and get on with
your lives to be productive in the
economy and listen to this in many
states quality child care is more
expensive than college tuition
how honors our families particularly
single mother families single father
families how on earth are they going to
be able to do their jobs and take care
of their kids went on president that's
why I've made a high priority of us
achieving paid family lane only advanced
economy with no program and when people
ask me about it and they say well how
can we do this I said well you know
california's had a program for a while
other states are finally coming around
it will really help middle class and
working families and we still haven't
pass comprehensive immigration reform
which has brought out some of the worst
Republican candidates running for
president running for president because
after listening to people across our
country your fight are my fights and I
won't quit until all americans have a
chance to get ahead and stay ahead again
things have been said about me but
twitter is not one of them
help middle-class families get that
raised in to fight for small businesses
that create most of the jobs in america
to make sure that when a company does
well it's not just the shareholders and
executives who benefit it's also the
people who work at that company they
should be able to share in the profits
of that company and I'm running not only
to make life a little easier for working
parents but to close that wage gap
because women deserve fair pay you know
the other day yesterday in new hampshire
young man came up to me probably mid
twenties he said I want to tell you I am
for you I said please thank you my first
real job when I was 17 I went to work as
a cashier in a store near where I live
it was a story of my mother was already
working as a cashier and she had raised
me by yourself I was really proud of
short sleeve white shirt and a tie I
went to work in that store first payday
I bring my check home and I show my
mother always said I see this look on
her face I said what's wrong she said
you know they started you at a dollar
more an hour they pay me after four
years
doin the same job I did have a little
girl at a town hall of Nevada I love
calling on the kids in these town halls
you never know what they're gonna send a
little girl got the microphone she
looked at me she goes if you're a girl
president
the same amount of money as a boy
president
so checked it lately but I think so you
know what we have to make sure that
everyone in america has access to
quality affordable health care and I
want to applaud again for governor
because he's been waging a really
important fight here in the Commonwealth
of these issues where ideology trumps
evidence to states that have expanded
Medicaid fully paid for in the beginning
by the federal government they've
actually seen insurance rates drop
they've been able to keep rural and
small-town hospitals open and they've
been able to take care of hundreds and
hundreds of millions of people and yet
here in Virginia despite the evidence
ideology basically has clouded the
calculation and so terry has been
struggling with his legislature to do
what is not only good for the people who
would get health care but good for
everybody applauded him again for taking
on this site
quality affordable health care
in addition to having a plan so that you
can refinance your student debt I wanna
put college within the reach of more
people again has gone up more than
anything else in the last 10 years plans
so that if you go to a four-year public
college or university you will not have
to borrow money for tuition and if you
do national service if you go into a
service profession after you finish you
have even a better deal because it's not
right that hard-working talented young
people are unable to get the education
they are pursuing because they cannot
afford it
that it's not the America we want for
our children and our grandchildren in
all of these fights to make sure the
republicans don't privatize Social
Security make sure they don't demonize
hardworking immigrants we are going to
run a campaign that s all of you to be
part of doing what we need to reach out
to as many of your friends and neighbors
as possible because we want to run this
campaign on a real agenda just like
Terry did I want the American people to
know exactly what I will do from the
first hour after I am sworn in
I can't do this without your help and
that's one of the reasons why I'm so
thrilled to see all of you here in
virginia because Virginia will vote on
March 1st and that of course is our most
fundamental right as americans isn't it
the right to vote
states try to make it hard for people to
vote
young people people with disabilities
the elderly people of color I want you
to be able to vote no matter who you
vote for
of course I want your vote but as your
President I will fight any effort to
disenfranchise any american any where
to protect our families and communities
from the plague of gun violence
heartbreaking and infuriating that we
lose an average of 90 americans every
day because of guns and no matter what
anybody says this is not an urban
problem the problem and small towns and
suburbs on college campuses in movie
theaters even in the basement of a
church I want to publicly thank your
governor for signing an executive order
that prohibits the open carry of guns in
state government buildings
and also for creating a task force to
better prosecute gun crimes that is the
kind of sensible reform we should all be
able to get behind in fact we know that
the majority of Americans and the
majority of gun owners agree with us on
this now I've been told to stop shouting
about guns actually I haven't been
shouting but sometimes when a woman
talks some people think
but I won't be silenced and I hope you
won't be either I will be speaking out
and I will keep taking on the NRA bag
question for responsible gun owners has
to be how many more people have to die
before we take action and I would love
to see gun owners start a competing
organization the NRA basically
represents the manufacturers and the
sellers and one of the most outrageous
votes that I ever had to take when I was
in the senate was a NRA bill to give
immunity to gun manufacturers and
sellers for just about everything
it was unique no other industry in
america has anything like it and it's
basically an NRA gift to gun
manufacturers and gun sellers it's wrong
and we have to stand against it and we
have to fight to repeal it everybody in
this country should be responsible and
accountable for their actions and that
includes gun manufacturers gun sellers
and the NRA now I think I think these
are all fights worth taking odd and I am
ready with your help to do that as I
said the other night at the debate ima
progressive a progressive who likes to
get things done
and yeah I know how to find common
ground I did it in the senate I get it
as secretary of state I will certainly
do it as President I will go anywhere
any time to meet with anybody to find
common ground but I also know how to
stand my ground and you deserve you
deserve a nominee and a president with
the solutions and the determination to
actually make a difference in your lives
and in our country's future so we have a
lot of work ahead of us my friends
because there are people out there was a
very different vision for our country
and that's worthy of a great debate and
there are the allies of those on the
other side who will say do and spend
whatever it takes to advance their own
out of touch out of date
agenda so here's my promise to you
other candidates may be out there
hurling insults at everyone talking
about what's wrong with america wanting
to divide us I still believe there is
nothing wrong with America they can't
beat 65 building what's right with
america
either make sure our country has one
where we lift each other up and leave no
one behind I am grateful for the
hundreds of thousands of grassroots
activists who are joining this campaign
the veterans and workers the students
the teachers that parents or
grandparents across our country and I'm
especially proud of the women who are
supporting my campaign in record numbers
these days about the super PACs and the
billionaire mega donors but a lot of
people don't realize my campaign is
being built by small donors capo giving
$1 $5 whatever they can afford over 90%
of my donations come from donors giving
$100 or less and I have some great news
as of today more than 500,000 people
have done donated to my campaign and
we're increasing that number because at
the end of this campaign doesn't belong
to me it belongs to you and to the
millions of Americans we are fighting
for and that we want to be a part of it
so whether you've ever been involved in
campaign before whether you've ever
voted before there is a place for you
not just in my campaign but when we win
and we began the hard work to make sure
our country lives up to our hopes and
dreams
there's something you can do right now
text join J 00 247 246 go to Hillary
Clinton dot com for more information
talk to your friends your colleagues
your neighbors talk to them about how
important this election is to our future
you know every day that I get out on the
campaign trail there's a lot that
motivates me I'll need somebody who has
a story to tell
here's something that really gets me
energized sometimes even more motivated
than I was the day before
but what I think about all the time is
my granddaughter and the reason I do is
because for those of you who are
grandparents you know that it just
focuses your mind unlike anything else
that you've ever experienced obviously
bill and I are gonna do everything we
can to make sure our granddaughter has
whatever opportunities she could
possibly want in her life that's not
enough I'm the granddaughter of a
factory worker from Scranton
Pennsylvania grandfather went to work in
the straight-laced Mills worked hard for
so many years so that he could give his
sons about her life and he do all three
of his sons went to college
my father became a small businessman
after serving in the Navy in World War
Two just what's going to happen to my
granddaughter but the kids in our
country what kind of America will be
inherit what kind of world will be
waiting for them because you see I don't
think you should have to be the grand
daughter of a former president to be
able to claim the promise of america I
think you shouldn't be able to be the
granddaughter a factory worker the
grandson of a truck driver or any child
in this country should have a good
health care in the education and the
opportunities to make the most out of
his or her god-given potential that's
what I'm gonna fight for a country that
opens doors again for everyone and where
every father can save his daughter you
can be anything you want including
president of the united
you are
and we all know that the republican
agenda set back women's rights and I
pledge all my energy to a job big 2016
victory for Democrats across the country
and we do have a winning message of
building a strong middle class investing
in education infrastructure extending
health coverage to more and more
Americans granting a path to citizenship
to those who've lived in the shadows for
too long
accepting the child science of climate
change and having the leadership to cut
back on fossil fuel consumption with
sound policy we defend our civil
liberties and
and having leadership to cut back on
fossil fuel consumption with sound
policy we defend our civil liberties and
women's reproductive freedoms we respect
the rights of LGBT friends understand
black lights matter that we do need to
do more for native americans and most of
all you can be sure that Democrats will
make good appointments to the Supreme
Court something this country needs and
deserves now she may not have been
campaigning on a platform of prosperity
through peace but after much thought I
decided to end my campaign for the
president today thank you but I would
like to take this opportunity one last
time to advocating for a chance
be given to peace since today is all
about women's leadership reminds me of
one of my favorite Greek place this
Estrada
a comedy from 400 BC by aristophanes now
in that play a group of women had up
with the warmongering of their husbands
agreed to and how do I say this
appropriately withhold their favors
until peace returns and it worked
the end of the Peloponnesian wars
anyway let's talk about the present
study showed that women tend to read
differently than men and that women are
more likely to be collaborative and
team-oriented
undeniable the benefits women provide to
the pursuit of peace now when I was a
senator a general from the pentagon
testified before the Foreign Relations
Committee on global military powers and
I asked him who was second to the United
States in military might and he thought
for a bit and then he said probably the
UK and yes there was a few years ago but
the point remains true no real rival to
the united states exist when it comes to
total weaponry and we make
virginia-class submarines around and
I've been on an overnight patrol what a
phenomenal piece of technology and
craftsmanship and machine bristling with
the most advanced power imaginable and
some reason just one instrument and are
staggeringly efficient Arsenal war and
yes we are sinking ever deeper and
deeper into an endless morass in the
Middle East and North Africa people keep
dying in peace seems further and further
away it's evident that all this military
power isn't working for us right now
story from Danang Vietnam deny that city
has so many memories from my generation
but just this summer
warmer viacom index American gizz we're
laughing eating drinking and celebrating
the fourth of July together and the
article quoted Pete Peterson a former
air force pilot who spent six and a half
years in a hand or a prison camp after
he was shot down and later he served as
ambassador to Vietnam in the nineteen
nineties and he said now vietnam the
United States have so much in common
I'll after all the horror of that war
why did we do it he was asked and he
said I have thought about this for a
long time I'm convinced that the war
could have been averted had we made the
effort to understand the politics of the
place had we made the effort to
understand the politics of the place
leasing gentleman from what I've heard
none of the Republicans running for
president want to understand anything
about the Middle East and North Africa
instead they prefer more bellicose see
more saber-rattling and more macho
posturing
when i hear all the stuff talk I had
deja voo about the evil viacom we should
be different
democrats should insist and learning
from the lessons of Vietnam
could have been averted no I'm not
saying that all countries are right in
any particular thing they do we must
hold them accountable but we can't do
that if we don't hold ourselves
accountable and change our entire
paradigm United States is so strong
militarily economically culturally that
we must take chances for peace
militarily economically culturally that
we must take chances for peace if we
have courage we take risks we can have
prosperity through peace not just the
united states but all over the world do
we want to be remembered as a bomber of
weddings in hospitals and we will be
remembered as peacemakers as pioneers of
a more harmonious world if American War
veterans in Viet Cong fighters can laugh
together on the fourth of July 29 oh so
to answer Iranian Sandra's railey's
Shias and Sunnis Turks and Kurds no wise
men President Eisenhower counseled us
that only an alert and knowledgeable
citizenry ensure the proper meshing of
both security and liberty so it's up to
you
women citizens humans to demand from
your leaders and end to the endless wars
in the beginning of a new era for the
united states and humanity Thank You Go
democrats and
women's forum hosted by the DNC DNC
President Obama just beginning to speak
to the group live coverage here on C
span to strengthen this party up and
down the ballot in all 50 states that
are chair debbie Wasserman Schultz
debbie's couldn't be here today because
she's working to build up our party in
tennessee she is relentless she's got
incredible partners in the CEO of the
DNC everyday see where they me she's
around here somewhere
giving me a big round of applause she
and the women's leadership forum
co-founders Cynthia freemen and Carol
Penn State
so it is good to see all of you
many of you have been friends for a long
time and then there's some of you who
were when I first ran for the presidency
which is not like I was 5 the point
though is that all of you are working
hard to make sure that our party and our
country moves forward and for the
younger people here let me refresh your
memory when we came together seven years
ago we did so not just elected president
but to reaffirm our faith and that most
fundamental basic American idea that
people who love this country and
changing lot of you were involved in
that movement lot of you
statement ever since and that faith has
sometimes been tested by war and
recession and by politics and by
obstruction and by a lot of cynics who
said it was foolish Russell keep
believing that I was naive for us to
keep on trying but thanks to folks like
you thanks to americans like you this
country is moving forward I made judges
think I think about the path we travel
but yes
well when I took off this we were lost
800,000 jobs and unemployment rate was
on its way to 10% today during the
course of the longest streak of job
growth on record our businesses have
created 13.2 million new jobs
unemployment is now 5.1 percent of
Americans without health insurance today
we've covered another seventeen million
Americans for the first time on record
more than ninety percent of Americans
have coverage for everybody who are had
coverage now insurance companies can
discriminate because of a pre-existing
condition or charge women more just for
being a woman when I took office we were
hopelessly addicted to foreign oil
we've cut our oil imports by half we
have double the production of clean
energy triple the amount of wind power
we generate twenty times more solar
energy is now created then when I came
into office and all that's generating
good jobs can be outsourced and helping
the environment when I took office our
influence around the world was animator
are standing was diminished today
America's leading the world in
confronting new threats making sure Iran
doesn't get a nuclear weapon America's
leading the world in global action on
climate change America's leading the
world to rights smarter and stronger
trade rules for the 21st century we've
begun a new chapter of engagement with
the cuban people we have brought
thousands of our brave troops home to me
when they're brave families so we've
made incredible progress on just about
every punch you you can't find a part of
our economic life where we haven't seen
significant progress but we come here
today because we know we still got work
to do
we can't just be complacent weekend rest
on our laurels 11 cynics told us we
couldn't change this country they were
wrong but we know we still got work to
do
marriage equality is now a reality but
we've still got work to do to make sure
that our LGBT community is getting fair
treatment on the job
high school graduation rates are up and
college graduation rates are up but we
still have to help young people be able
to go to college without burden and
being burdened by a mountain of debt
being burdened by amount of debt is up
but we still have to do more to make
sure that we're training our folks to
get these new manufacturing jobs are
deficits are down but we gotta make sure
that we are making the investments that
we need to grow in the future are carbon
pollution is down but we're not moving
as fast as we need to control climate
change teen pregnancy rates are down but
we've got a lot of folks were attacking
the right of women just to have basic
health care in this country and be able
to make decisions about reproductive
freedom without having some member of
congress some governor some other
elected officials tried and true but the
point is over although we're making
enormous progress and and and it does
make you wonder why is it the Republican
politicians are so down on america
have you noticed that there are gloomy
according to the political season but
you you listen to him and and they were
constructed this entire separate reality
like The Twilight Zone and according to
their their story their narrative
everything was trippin back in 2008 when
unemployment skyrocketing an uninsured
rates were rising and folks were losing
their homes and their jobs and we are
engaged in two wars and bin Laden was
still at large
if you were listening to them both were
like the good old days ago in News
and then I came in and the democrats
that's when everything 2012
which is strange I mean it's a hard
argument to make
there was an article in the New York
Times today or maybe it was yesterday
when they pointed out that it's very
hard for them to make the arguments they
make about tax cuts for the wealthy and
doing the same stuff that they've been
promoting and trying to eliminate
regulations on the big banks know that
when the empirical evidence shows that
when Democrats control the White House
and we've got a democratic congress the
economy was better and when they're in
charge it does work I made just look at
the facts
don't take my word for it go back take a
look at alright here's bill clinton's
presidency and then there's Bush
presidency and there's my presidency and
take a look and you gotta feel bad for
the fact checkers for the republicans
spent hours trying to keep up with some
of the crazy stuff that their candidates
are claiming and the reason that the
makeup stuff is because they don't have
a record to run off their offering the
same policies that caused so many
problems in the first place they ran on
them in 2008 they ran on the 2012 the
running on the net more tax cuts for the
folks at the very top although there is
no economic evidence to show that that
would grow the economy they say that's
going to grow the economy
nobody believes that no economist think
it but they insist on your investments
and things like education even though
there is no evidence that would actually
improve the lives of the american people
there's a lot of evidence it would make
it worse they want to repeal the
Affordable Care Act which I know is a
shop shopping development
millions of hardworking Americans offer
health insurance they've been promising
since we passed that they would replace
it with something better except they
can't come up with anything
accepted just happy for him
Wall Street Reform and risk another
crisis by letting the big banks running
while they may want to strip away rate
regulations on polluters
prices by the big banks run while they
may want to strip away rate regulations
on polluters saying that these are job
killers despite the fact is I already
pointed out that point out that job
growth happens on your democratic
administrations and was worse under
their administrations and may even deny
that the plant is getting warmer and
wetter climates more dangerous and this
despite evidence to the contrary they
are fighting tooth and nail to unravel
new rules on power plants to protect the
air that our kids breathing reduce
harmful carbon carbon emissions and and
i think what the way they approach
climate change is a good illustration of
the problems went $100.99 you are really
sick
you've got lots of high cholesterol what
would you do what would you say those 99
doctors are a crazy and part of a wild
eyed socialist plot to prevent you from
eating cheese or what you say you know
what about those doctors know what
they're talking about
gotta modify my download it made me
laugh but this that's essentially how
they're approaching this existential
threat to our future and the truth is a
majority of republican voters disagree
with their own party on this report
Washington Republicans are long on on
their own shrinking island so the point
is what number one we got a lot of
things to feel good about this country
and it's a shame when politicians spend
all their time trying to make people
feel bad or more typically try to make
them feel scared talking down the
country all the time because it serves
your politics we don't have time for
that we've got more work to do and
democrats are the one with the right
ideas to write plans to get the job done
we've got we've got we've got an
optimistic
got an optimistic vision about where
this country can go in if the politics
of obstruction and fear mongering are
set aside and if we start working
together as a country there's no problem
we can solve you heard from somewhere
outstanding candidates I'm gonna be
supporting whoever the nominee isn't and
I'm confident
what are you laughing about it got some
great candidate but when you watched the
debate between the democratic it was
logical and civil and people don't agree
with everything but they weren't just
saying crazy stuff and and and they
weren't dividing the country into us and
them and tapping into people's worst
impulses it made me proud because it it
said that we've got a part of its
inclusion and wants everybody to join
and get involved and showed but we can
disagree without being disagreeable as
democrats are economic plants would
actually grow the economy for everybody
not just for folks at the top we we
should not even be thinking about
something as ridiculous as shutting down
our government over Planned Parenthood
we should be talking about opening up
new opportunities
investing in our school rebuilding the
infrastructure that creates jobs
investing in the research that alleviate
hunger or cures cancer once and for all
Vice President Joe Biden said
spending time thinking about the
concrete challenges that families face
so we have family leave plans were
actually guarantee family-leave
plans to raise people's wages rather
than trying to suppress people's wages
are plans to make sure that women are
paid fairly for doing the same work
plan to make sure that women are paid
fairly for doing the same work or not
against a law that would make sure women
are paid fairly for doing the same work
as many as democrats are plans to combat
climate change actually recognize the
existence of climate change and it's not
just a matter of trying to solve a
problem
Albert danger it's we see opportunity
and jobs and moving to a clean energy
economy we want America to be out front
we embrace our responsibilities to leave
our kids with a safe prosperous
habitable planet as democrats are proud
that our plans to fix our broken
immigration system are not rooted in
anti immigrant
immigrant stories we understand that
America's greatness doesn't come from
building walls it comes from building up
opportunities now the good news is that
there's a broad consensus within our
party about what needs to happen and
what's also good news is the majority of
american people agree with us but
there's a danger coming up and it's
something that we're gonna have to
address and that is complacency and
cynicism and a lot of times it seems
like our politics don't reflect the
common sense and decency that we see in
our neighbors and our communities and
our friends and it gets frustrating
we've got a system that too often
rewards division and polarization and
short-term thinking and rewards people
for saying the most outrageous things
even though everyone knows they're not
true but we think of it as entertainment
somehow so attention-grabbing and
controversy is rewarded rather than
folks rolling up their sleeves and
dealing with sometimes really
complicated issues that don't lend
themselves to a Samba and so people get
cynical and sometimes folks just throw
up their hands and say washington
doesn't work a plague on both your
houses everybody's dysfunctional
your job is to not succumb to make your
job more important is to convince your
friends and your neighbors in your
communities to states not to succumb to
that we can't afford that we've got too
much work to do our system only works
when we realize the government is not
some alien thing government is not some
conspiracy or plot it's not something to
impress you
government sauce in a democracy
government is us the most important
office in democracy is the office of
citizen it's you and and business been
the promise of my politics since since
we got to know each other since I
started running I I always have to
remind people when I ran for office i
didnt say I got this go home
I don't say yes I can depend on me or
congress or the Democratic president
that we intend to elect next year alone
it depends on all of us it depends on
what we the people do together and
that's why I'm so glad to see these
young people here
this fancy ballroom and schmoozing and
listen to the president
this is easy
comment fancy ballroom and schmoozing
and listen to the president
we need we need you to go on organized
mobilize when you get a knock on doors
when you get to work on referendums on
the ballot initiative to work at the
local level and at the state level when
you get in for people of all people you
need to turn them out to vote we gotta
make sure that your friends across the
country know where their leader stand
and if they don't know then inform them
and make sure they're doing the right
thing and hold them accountable if
they're not doing the right thing we
gotta vote him out
and america is at its best
assume the best enough instead of the
bad one more run to try and recognize
our own struggles and fears and hopes
and other people and we see some kids
struggling to pay for college
we have to feel like that's our kids or
or I remember how how I had to struggle
when when when you see it hoping to
contribute that that's my parents or
grandparents great-grandparents
that african-american denied right to
vote you understand democracy is at
stake when that happens
10 workers denied a living wage or equal
paper her efforts that hurts everybody
their stories may not be exactly like
ours but when the same fight we care
about the same things we believe in each
other and that's what makes me proud to
be a democrat we are right on most
policy issues
arguments are the right ones but a dark
or what I am really proud of is the fact
that we believe in this country that
everybody has a fair shot that
everybody's gotta gotta be able to get
ahead that that we've got a
responsibility to uphold those highest
ideals to fight for everybody who have
the same chances that we have and lead a
country to our kids where no matter who
you are or what you look like or where
you come from or who you love you can
make it if you try that's what we stand
for as democrats that's that's what the
next year's election that's why I get
bit

those are the words of Senator Robert
Kennedy and also the words which I had
lived by my entire life my name is John
Carroll's I'm 23 years old and I'm a
graduate of the University of South
Florida global
nobody is junk is there soon if I'm
proud to be here to introduce a person
who has fought for the working class and
especially Hispanic families her entire
life
I think that the Secretary Clinton has
decided to run for president because she
and President Bill Clinton other reasons
why I'm a Democrat
i think is because of the memory I have
of the presidential election of 1996 I
was just a young boy then but I can
remember my parents watching the
election results there was a big map on
on the screen and the United States we
had blue states and red states and blue
states in red states and then the
announcement came through that president
clinton had been elected to a second
term in a great joy and great joy and
happiness come from my parents and it
surprised me because my parents were not
become you as citizens for many years
after that but their joy and happiness
in Encino president elected that they
could not vote for their happiness is a
result of the clinton policies that
created 26 million jobs that left the
massive surplus in the federal budget
that guided our country the longest
peacetime since the cold war because of
the achievements of the clinton white
house and because of the achievements of
then Senator Clinton I supported her in
2008 and I am aesthetic to support her
in her bid for the White House in 2016
and as much as I love President Bill
Clinton it's time to elect the woman to
the white house
more qualified than Hillary Rodham
Clinton Casablanca
monthly stopped by a lot I think yes my
friends we've made a lot of progress is
2008 creating millions of jobs
stabilizing the you s economy fighting
terrorism abroad and at home and
providing millions of Americans access
to affordable health care
but yet there is much work to be done so
now is not the time to give back the
keys to the white house through the
clouds show of extremist
know my friends now is the time for
strong and experienced leadership that
can only be given to us by Hillary
Rodham Clinton graduate I can tell you
colleges it really is a part of the
process of a teeny a college education
hillary clinton understands the struggle
everyday college students everyday
college graduates that's why support her
plan to help refinance college college
loans and find new ways to reinvest in
college educated in a college education
I also have under hillary clinton's
leadership we will finally have
comprehensive immigration reform in the
United States
millions of undocumented immigrants the
opportunity to citizenship and with the
fear of deportation of families I also
know that she will find common sense
solutions to the financial depression
that our brothers and sisters are facing
today and that that's why brings me
great delight in a great pleasure to
introduce to you the next president of
the United States
already appeared before you
star-spangled banner and people who
understand what's at stake in this
election this is my fourth trip to
Florida in the campaign
reason for coming is not just the
weather
ur it's because Florida is so much a
symbol of America diverse dynamic
optimistic you have everything in this
state from big cities just small towns
from high-rises to family farms and the
diversity of the people here in Florida
send such a strong message about the
importance of us always valuing the fact
we are a nation of immigrants and we
need to understand that and support it
now
like america florida is always changing
and certainly here in Central Florida
we've seen so many people come here for
the jobs for the opportunities
summer even started to call Central
Florida Puerto Rico's 79 municipality
well
I went to Puerto Rico in September
because I believe anyone who wants to be
president should give attention to
Puerto Rico and Jen remind our fellow
Americans Puerto Ricans are American
citizens
and it is one of the great ironies of
our law in our history that Porter
Ricans who are citizens in Puerto Rico
cannot vote for their president and
commander-in-chief but if you moved to
Central Florida because you're a citizen
you can vote and what we need to
recognize is that there's much we can do
if we are supporting our Puerto Rican
friends it's great but today there is a
national day of action for Porto Rico
happening on capitol hill we have to
find a long-term solution to the
economic and health care challenges
facing Porto Rico and everyone here with
ties to the island you have to help us
be part of the solution you're
engagement and support will really
matter BC I think we are all in this
together and I am proud to be running
for president to make our country and
our economy work for everyone not just
those at the top
Republican friends are not happy about
but I try to stay factual
to demonstrate john was saying our
economy does so much better when we have
a democrat in the white and you know
unemployment is lower incomes are higher
and you are four times more likely to
have a recession we have a Republican in
the White House now you don't have to go
back hundreds of years let's just go
back thirty five years we've had five
presidents three Republicans and two
Democrats I happen to know both of the
democrats and age of the democrats
inherited economic problems from their
republican predecessors in my husband's
case he inherited a recession and the
depth of our country had been quadrupled
in the prior twelve years I remember
bill telling me after the election said
it so much worse than they told us
and he was asked in the weeks after he
was elected to what is it you bring to
washington and he said well I guess
arithmetic we began adding and
subtracting multiplying and dividing and
after eight years we did end up with 23
million new jobs but most importantly
incomes rose for everybody not just
those at the top of the medal table and
more people are lifted out of poverty
than any time in our recent history and
we did end up with a balanced budget and
a surplus now one would think with that
record of success
the republicans might say to themselves
maybe we should build on that but that's
not what the next Republican president
decided to do as we well recall he began
to dismantle economic policy literally
brick by brick
off what was happening in the economy
cut taxes for the wealthy got out of the
way of corporations ignored the mortgage
market problems and you know where we
ended up in fact Florida you didn't just
lived through a great recession you had
a greater recession the whole was deeper
it took you longer to climb out now
republicans do want us to have a case of
collective amnesia it's very
inconvenient when we point out that
their trickle-down economic ideology
doesn't work and will not work in fact I
remember after the 2008 election
President elect Obama called asked me to
come see him I don't know why I went to
Chicago turned out he wanted me to be
secretary of state but before we got
that it's just he and I he says to me it
is so much worse than they told us I
said you know what I've heard that
before and this time it was even worse
the worst economic crisis since the
Great Depression I want you to remember
this because when you leave here today
and you talk to friends or neighbors or
colleagues and see what were you doing
there I want you to say well I'm
supporting the next president of the
United States because she's gonna get
the economy working
when president came into office we were
losing 800,000 jobs a month 9 million
Americans ended up losing their jobs
five million homes were lost a lot of
them right here in Florida thirteen
trillion dollars of family well homes
cars retirement savings college funds
wiped out I don't think President Obama
gets the credit he deserves for saving
us from falling into a great depression
that was done by the republicans people
are even got there again we've recovered
13 million jobs we've seen sixty eight
straight months of job growth
manufacturing coming back the auto
industry which was on the brink of total
collapse was saved it's coming back so
we're standing but we're not yet running
america should have been traveling
across our country and I've been doing a
lot of listening I've heard from
families about the stress of the bills
piling up of caring for an aging parent
a child suffering from substance abuse
or a loved one with mental illness about
how the cost of everything college and
prescription drugs and childcare are all
going up faster than wages and too many
young people as john said being crushed
by student debt and many of them unable
to start or finish college because of
the cost so we've got some work to do
now I'm not running for my husband's
third-term and I'm not running for
Barack Obama's third term I'm running
for my first term but we're gonna get to
work
create good-paying jobs in the future
where your wages rise not your texts
where it is easier to pay for child care
kids to college paper your prescription
drugs take care of your aging parents
those should not be luxuries you should
get the help you need to get those jobs
and to get that support so that you can
live the kind of American dream we all
believe in and I am working and fighting
for an America where everyone who works
hard has a ladder of opportunity again
you know
I was raised in the basic bargain of
America you should be able to I'm going
to do everything in my power as your
president to make that bargain real
again by providing more early childhood
education and preschool so every kid
gets a good start when they show up in
kindergarten and I do have a plan where
you go to a public college or university
you will not have to borrow a dime to
page and you will be able to refinance
your student how many people have
student debt look at those hands how
many ever had student debt I did tell
you why we have one point two trillion
dollars in student debt that is really
holding back so many people I've met
young people who can't get out on their
own can't afford to move out of their
parents home after they get their
college degree
get married because they can't afford it
we have got to get college affordable
again and get that debt down to save you
thousands of dollars as you vote for
we're fighting for an America that leads
with strength and smarts keeping our
people safe and defeating the terrorist
networks that threaten us and we lift
each other up again where we have each
other's backs because when families are
strong america is strong that means
keeping families together that means
giving them are real path to citizenship
it means an end to discrimination
against LGBT Americans women's health
and women's rights and standing up
law enforcement and the communities they
serve and it means helping Americans
struggling with addiction and end up in
recovery not in prison
3,000 Americans outline is supported by
92% of american and more importantly
eighty-three percent of gun owners
support that agenda because they want to
be responsible and not let guns fall
into the wrong hands now we are hearing
a lot of different things are away from
the republicans running for president
they seem more interested in seeing who
can say the most in offensive and
insulting comments you've heard what
they've said they have insulted latinos
women Muslims they determine to
absolutely and sought after a body
before this is over there
out tramping truck if you will
why I am so honored that Latino leaders
like Ricky Martin are standing with me
in this campaign
making the hallmarks of his campaign
when it called immigrants rapists and
drug dealers when he shouted down and
demanded Jorge Ramos stop doing his job
Ricky Martin clinton let it go by what
he stood up and he brought back he said
we have to fight for every right we have
today and demand respect well I am with
you rikki we're gonna ride had a man
with about how we're going to create
good-paying jobs and I'm just going to
keep talking and explain to you what it
is I'm gonna do
ok and I'm really glad to have
representatives from our construction
trade here today
men and women will america we're going
to create good jobs and rising wages by
once again investing in our
infrastructure I have laid out a five
year two hundred and seventy five
billion dollar plan and florida is the
gateway for trade with latin america
it's a huge market so let's rebuild and
invest in the infrastructure we have you
know just think about this we have so
many roads and bridges that are powered
hold and crumbling here in Orlando
commuters lose forty six hours a year
stuck in traffic you know this is not
just about good jobs for hardworking men
and women this is about time and money
we are wasting I hope that congress
finally passes a long-term highway bill
this week here in Florida your highways
have for the biggest traffic bottlenecks
in the country that should be fixed but
even if Congress won't do the right
thing I am prepared with my plan to
really began to do what we need to do we
have to expand our commitment to
building and maintaining our
infrastructure because it's a
competitive necessity
you know in this country we don't have
one of the top 20 airports in america in
fact the closest we get is cincinnati
has number thirty we also have to expand
new high-tech and for structure and that
means connecting everybody in america to
have access to high-speed internet right
now we don't have that
we know how to do this we did it with
electricity and we're gonna do it again
and don't forget all the infrastructure
under the ground water mains sewer
systems gas lines we've got to also
invest in bringing those up to speed as
well I have a comprehensive strategy to
upgrade our energy infrastructure to
expand solar and energy efficiency boast
an energy technology and especially here
in Florida we have to make this state
and our communities across America
resilient to climate change
you know look all of the republicans say
the same thing you know when they're
asked about climate change they say well
I don't know I'm not a scientist well my
answer to that is go talk to a scientist
and actually listen to a science
and a projection about Florida
demonstrates how vulnerable this state
is to climate change in fact down in
Miami we're already seeing streets that
flood at high tide on sunny days
drinking water wells around the state
are being inundated with salt water
becoming unusable and that's all without
a major hurricane hitting in recent
years so anybody who doesn't take
climate change seriously just needs to
be convinced that they have to get out
of the way because we're going to create
jobs create many many new businesses and
began to fight back against climate
change when I am president
and we can on the sidelines that's why I
want to create a new national
infrastructure bank I want to bring back
what are called Build America Bonds that
was a successful program that helps
cities and states borrow the money they
needed to invest in infrastructure at
lower costs and it did a lot of good
across america we have to use every tool
at our disposal and we're gonna make a
real difference together now it's sort
of sad to me because when I was a
senator we had no problem getting
Democrats and Republicans coming
together to invest and understand the
importance of infrastructure now we've
got Republican candidate for president
who want to slash what we spend by 80%
Ted Cruz has supported legislation to do
that and i really I really don't
understand it Marco Rubio followed right
along he wants to
funding and those people who say will
let the states do it do you really want
to put responsibility for funding
florida's infrastructure in the hands of
rick Scott
you know this but he said two billion
dollars back to washington that would
have been spent on infrastructure right
here in Florida tell that story guys let
people know that could have created
good-paying jobs and spurred economic
growth you have to wonder about governor
Scott's priorities florida is called the
sunshine state for a reason florida is
lagging behind in solar power and I hate
to tell you this
states like Massachusetts and New Jersey
are years ahead there's no reason that
should be true and on top of that
Governor Scott still refuses to expand
Medicaid there's no excuse for that
either I don't mean to be a little
parochial here but Arkansas expanded
Medicaid alabama's republican governors
talking seriously about expanding
Medicaid the incoming governor of
louisiana is making this a top priority
just sayin Florida it's not only the
right thing to do for people who deserve
to have their health care needs met
it's good for rural hospitals it's good
for doctors nurses and other healthcare
providers and we need to make sure that
we provide the support for the
Affordable Care Act we're gonna have to
improve it
yes that cost down get prescription drug
prices down
so you can see I can keep going but I
know you've been more than patient here
at what I want to ask you all is to join
my campaign you know florida is so
important we see that time and time
again
well number one i need your help in the
primary so don't just come tonight make
sure your registered to vote
make sure you do about on march the
first in fact I want you to join the
campaign right now and here's how you
can do it take out your phone I know you
all have phones and text join J 00 247
246 to get involved right now that's
join J 00 247 246 because even though my
name will be on the ballot this election
is really about you about finding the
solutions to the challenges we face
together getting back into
problem-solving where americans are
better at that than anybody else in the
world I gotta tell you what really gets
me up every day is my belief so soundly
in the promise of america my grandfather
was a factory worker he came to this
country as a young immigrant with his
family and he went to work in the
Scranton laced mills in Scranton
Pennsylvania and they work really hard
to support his family but also because
he believed in the promise of america
that his sons could get ahead and they
did every one of them went to college
and when my dad graduated in the middle
of the Great Depression in 1935 he
couldn't find a job so we hopped a
freight train these to do that in those
days and you got all the way to Chicago
and he found a job he was a salesman and
he went into the Navy where he was a
chief petty officer and then when he
came out he started a small business now
my mother had a very different life she
was abandoned and rejected by her own
family and sent to live with
grandparents who didn't wander over the
age of 40 she was out working as a
housemaid
and somebody else's home to support
herself so even though their lives were
very very different they both believed
that life would get better for them and
for their children in our country that's
what I want people to believe again I
want everybody to not only believe in
the promise of america but to work to
achieve it and when I look at my new
granddaughter obviously bill and I are
gonna do whatever we can to make sure
she had every opportunity in life but
I'll tell you that's not enough it
matters what kind of country she becomes
an adult in and what kind of world is
out there waiting for her and I want to
make sure that not just my granddaughter
but all the children and young people in
america have the same promise and
potential that I believed was there
waiting for me you shouldn't have to be
the grand daughter of a former president
should be able to fulfill your dreams
that America I want that to be true for
the granddaughter of factory workers in
the grandsons of truck drivers and every
single person and particularly every
child in America
in this campaign promise again

thank you all so much I am absolutely
delighted to be here some of you may
know I had a pretty long day yesterday I
finally got to answer questions
something I've been pushing for
literally a year and I am just grateful
I recovered my voice which I lost a
little bit but as I said at the start I
wanted to rise above partisanship and
reach for statesmanship and that is what
I tried to do and now I am delighted to
be here with all of you to be with the
WLF a group that actually focuses on the
issues you are women after my own heart
and I want to thank debbie Wasserman
Schultz Carol Penske Cynthia Friedman
body shop and all the triptych speakers
you heard from and we'll hear from
including my friend Leader Nancy Pelosi
wanna say a word about another great
democrat who has always been a champion
for women and families and all of us
vice-president Joe Biden has been in the
trenches for the Violence Against Women
Act and so much more and I'm confident
that history isn't finished with job I
said the other day there is more work to
do and if I know Joe he'll be right
there with us on the front lines and I
want to thank all of you for putting
women's voices women's ideas women's
lives right where they belong at the
heart of american politics you know it
is sometimes hard to believe but the
notion that women should be equal
partners in the life of our nation is
still pretty new that's why the women's
leadership forum was created to help
make that ideal a reality during the
1992 campaign tipper gore and I traveled
all over the country together and we
spent a lot of time in people's living
rooms in their backyards sitting around
kitchen tables talking with mothers and
daughters and grandmothers about their
lives and we heard so much we heard
about the dreams for the future that
people had for themselves and their kids
and we heard a lot about the struggles
that made life harder than it should be
the problems that kept women up at night
again and again we would hear you know
no one's ever asked us these things
before a lot of them it seemed like
Washington
just wasn't very interested in the
actual real lives of women in our
country so we decided we had to make
sure that in this party our party would
always be heard that in this party our
party the problems that keep women and
their families up at night
always be front and center and we wanted
to bring more women into the electoral
process as voters an advocate organizers
fundraisers candidate and elected
officials because we know women are half
the country indeed likely more the
planet and more than half the democratic
party so we want to make sure that women
and families are better represented in
politics we need to get more of us
involved in politics as we like to say
when women lead families succeed and now
twenty-two years later here in our
country than ever before we are voting
in greater numbers increasingly we are
the decisive voters in national election
more women are serving at high levels of
government they are not one not two but
three women on the Supreme Court
the number of women who have served in
the Senate and the House of course
another presidential election season has
begun I'm doing everything I can to make
sure that the issues that matter most to
women and families are front and center
in this race I started by campaign last
spring
doing the same thing that I did all
those years ago when I ran the senate
traveling across the country visiting
people's homes and schools and
businesses and actually listening as
they told me about their lives in the
bad hard it was an amazing and humbling
experience you find the time and space
to give people a chance to talk to you
talking about them in their hearts many
families do feel for them credit as they
should
to President Obama and his
administration and I
leadership and the hard work of the
american people polled our economy and
our nation back from the brink in fact
we could have had a great depression
Great Recession so as I travel across
the country I try to tell the story of
what President Obama inherited the worst
financial crisis since the Great
Depression america is standing again
we're not running should be and families
are still fresh in a million different
directions and so are their budget
rising but most people's paychecks
haven't in years of corporate profits
and CEO pay quality child care for
college tuition in many states and the
minimum wage is a power millions of
Americans are held back by student debt
and at a time when more women than ever
right there
family's main breadwinners too often
they still don't get equal pay and women
of color
earn less than others right and just
this week the Department of Labor
released new data showing that as our
economy gets stronger men's page is
going up more than twice as fast as
women's pay one of my town halls and
Nevada called a little girl who was
sitting with her father
you never know what kids are gonna ask
you which is why I try to call on at
least one there in my town hall and she
said if you are a girl president will
you be paid as much as a boy
think so
but I think of the single mom I met
who's juggling a job and classes at a
community college while raising her
three kids on her oh she's doing what
she has to to give our children a better
life and she doesn't expect anything to
come easy but she asked me this is there
anything we can do so it doesn't have to
be quite so hard I think of the student
who told me that paying for college
shouldn't be the hardest thing about
going to college where the man I met
whose mother has Alzheimer's is a
teacher can afford a full-time caretaker
for her can't quit his job he wouldn't
be able to support her you know what he
does she brings her to work with him
there's nothing else you can think of to
do and he told me this with so much
sadness this is not what he picture his
mother's golden years and it's not just
women taking care of aging parents it is
like this young man
22 yrs deserve a lot more and the same
goes for other policies like paid family
leave their and predictable ships higher
wages so you don't have to work two jobs
to make ends meet and you can actually
be home with your kids at night and
these are not just challenges for women
their challenges for all americans
because I firmly believe when we fight
for women fighting for our entire
country and the reverse is true as well
when we fight to make america stronger
and more prosperous we are also fighting
we fight to make college more affordable
and student debt less punishing or to
hold corporations accountable when they
gather just on drug prices prices are
exploiting workers that's fighting for
women and men and fighting for america
and when we fight to create a pathway to
citizenship for millions of immigrants
or to make social security even stronger
or to protect and improve the Affordable
Care Act because everyone deserves
access to quality affordable care
access should include basics like
reproductive care including birth
control cancer screening that's why we
have to defend Planned Parenthood
against attacks that are being way we
fight to protect equal rights of all our
people no matter what they look like and
when we need to stop the epidemic of gun
violence is claiming lives every day and
every country
that's fighting for women and men and
fighting for america
you know I've been told to stop shouting
about gun though first of all I'm not
joking
just when women talk some people think
I will not be silenced because we will
not be silenced not by the gun lobby now
by the size of this challenge by any of
it
stopping gun violence is worth fighting
for and I'm ready to go and I
are new to me and I know they aren't new
to many of you but we do have our work
cut out for us because there are so many
people with a very different visions for
our country and they will say do and
spend whatever it takes to advance
they're out of touch out of date agenda
for people who say they hate big
government Republicans sure spend a lot
of time trying to restrict women's
reproductive health and reproductive
rights my experience yesterday I just
amazed that they are even talking about
setting up another special investigative
committee this time to investigate
Planned Parenthood and I think we all
know by now that's just code for a
partisan witch hunt
haven't we seen enough of that I'd like
those republican candidates who are
advocating against Planned Parenthood to
meet the mom who called her cancer early
thanks to a screening at Planned
Parenthood young woman who avoided an
unintended pregnancy because she did
have access to birth control now I know
that when I talk like this republicans
will say I'm playing the gender card you
know what is what I say if calling for
equal pay and paid leave and women's
health is playing the gender card deal
there's there's a long campaign still
ahead of us and other candidates from
the other party may be out there
hurling insults at everyone and talking
about what's wrong with america pointing
fingers to try to blame people for it
well that's not me I'm going to keep
doing what I have always done and that's
fight for you and fight for your
families and I am so great
hundreds of thousands of grassroots
activists who are joining me in this
campaign not only those fortunate enough
like us to be in rooms like this one but
the workers and students and teachers
parents and grandparents all across our
country we're giving $1 or $5 at a time
because they too believe in what we are
fighting for so we've come a long way
the past 22 years I'm really proud of
this organization and all that it has
achieved the women's leadership forum
has changed the Democratic Party
changed it for the better or stronger
than we've ever been so let's keep
fighting for that better future for our
children and our grandchildren now some
of you I'm sure no I have the most
amazing extraordinary granddaughter she
really does keep me going and thankfully
my daughter and wonderful son in law's
send me a little videos pictures have
been a great boost along the campaign
trail I think a lot about her future I
think about what kind of opportunity
should have but I also think about what
kind of opportunities all the children
of america will have what kind of
country will she become an adult in kind
of world will be waiting for her because
I don't think it's not enough for
anybody
my granddaughter your children and
grandchildren certainly the
granddaughter by former president should
be able to pursue her dreams so many of
our other children in this country are
feeling left behind and left out the
first time in American history so far as
I know more than half of the kids in our
public schools are eligible for free or
reduced price lunches poverty has
returned with a vengeance made a lot of
progress against poverty lifting
families out of poverty
back in the nineties I think it's
verifiable fact that our economy does
better we have a Democrat in the White
House
my husband and President Obama inherited
economic challenges from their
republican predecessors worked hard with
my husband was dealing with an economy
that wasn't growing fast enough but then
took off 23 million new jobs and incomes
rising at every part of our economy top
middle and low income we're doing better
handed over a balanced budget into
surplus to the incoming republican
administration and they squandered it
all cut taxes dramatically on the
wealthy basically got out of the way of
corporations to financial markets didn't
pay a penny for the wars that they waged
you know what happened and it took
another democratic president here from
later today
comment
the responsibility which he did try to
repair the damage that had been done
everything I've talked about before all
of our rights
hopes will be at risk the republicans
once again are successful in making the
same argument they always me discredited
it doesn't work but that doesn't stop
talking about cutting taxes on the
wealthy to the way of corporations you
know what that leads to increasing
inequality of workers pollution of our
environment of climate change
refusal to move into the twenty first
century clean renewable energy failure
to provide early childhood education and
universal prekindergarten so every kid
has a chance to get ahead you can listen
to their debates for hours and
unfortunately some of us have to
a single solution to any of the problems
we're facing here at home or around the
world to my campaign is really an effort
to try to build an America where
everyone women and men can rise as far
as their talent and hard work take them
where everyone everyone has a shot and
achieving their dreams and living up to
their potential and yes my father and
say to his daughter you can be anything
you wanna be even President of the
United States
understanding is correct
means no my way or the highway stuff it
means we have to learn how to get along
together and they've given take with it
what I was saying about them and I
purposely said that because I knew
you know what happened so we understand
people in Nazi Germany did not believe
and what Hitler was doing but no they
kept their mouths and when you do that
you are compromising your freedom and
the freedom of people who come behind
you you have to be willing to stand up
for what you believe the election in
Germany he won the election there were
just so you know the White Rose Society
there were a lot of folks now they might
not have been enough to stand up for
what they believe
a surgeon I'm very impressed with that
separated siamese twins scientists in
yet I was reading that you don't believe
in evolution again away before you go
any further when I want to say is I
wanted don't take this wrong missus cars
and I'm not as a date but how do you
feel about taking a trip to the museum
of natural history with me we could do
like a little walk through and have a
discussion about I can have a very in
depth discussion which had discussions
with nobel laureates and they have to
admit that you know the fact that they
just dug up some 100 years yeah first of
all evolution micro evolution vs macro
evolution are two different things for
us right now we don't have the time of
this conversation just going to talk
about natural selection evolution and I
believe yes organisms have an ability to
adapt to their environment and they have
the ability to change now the evolution
is say that is proof positive of
evolution myspace proof positive of an
intelligent creator who gave His
creatures the ability to adapt to their
environment so that they don't have to
start over
and when can you believe involved and I
have said people are allowed to some
people believe that something came from
nothing and then they believe that it
exploded and we had a perfectly
organized I don't believe that I don't
denigrate people coming from out askew
right after that tragic shooting in
Oregon last week you said gun control is
not the answer and I know you're a big
advocate for mental how but this morning
you said that you'd be very comfortable
of kindergarten teachers had guns in the
classroom when you think that's a good
idea
are trained and understand all the
implications and you obviously I'm not
just gonna have a weapon sitting on the
kindergarten teachers desk and I know it
would be secured in a place where kids
could hike at 2:45 an ar-15 how fast can
a teacher go to the lock draw and get
their gun
I was trained in diversionary tactics
and whatever needs to be done in order
to get there and I want to other people
and that's cool also know that if you
wanna go by what you would do with
hurricane Joaquin and you know you said
you didn't know and actually look at
your press secretaries face was
priceless
her but my favorite reaction but do you
have an answer now question because I
hope you saw that press conference we
were talking about something completely
different
on the way out to the bus and someone
brings up a new subject I said I don't
know but she prepared for her son like
we have some things and clearly we have
a whole series of things and places for
hurricanes and quite frankly if you if
you're at the point where the president
has to enact the things you have not
done your homework that should be
already in place and ready to go for him
and i want to talk about your book my
first clicking is one thing I do like
about you is your tax idea what you pay
the same tax flat tax and the IRA hi5
cool beans for you but let's talk about
your book the new perfect union trust
placed well everybody knows that we have
a constitution but not many people know
and it's very important because the
founders of this nation said that our
freedoms and our system is based upon a
well informed and educated populace
then it becomes very easy to fool people
for instance you perfect example if
you're not well educated come along and
say you know what the economy is great
unemployment is down the 5.1 percent
which is essentially full employment in
great shape but if you are well educated
and informed you know that you can make
that number is based on who you are and
that the labor force participation rate
which is the number of people eligible
to work or actually working thirty
seven-year low and we know we have
problems and we need to fix them and
these are not democrat or republican
problems are problems that affect their
house society and we have to stop making
everything into a democrat or republican
issue
she said she did not want you to run for
president until she became a grandmother
you are now a grandmother of two why did
you not want him to run for president
you know we've been married forty years
back to the the two granddaughters one
of them was born on Leap Day 2012 so you
know she didn't even have a birthday
this should be a party to turn to next
month when you look and you think about
the debt that our country has weird 18
and I have to Leah which to pay it off
if you were to pay off at a rate of 10
million dollars every day 365 days a
year it would take you five thousand
years that's how bad it with the first
generation to make it worse for the next
generation when I look at myself a
superb you can't do that to them when I
see other people's babies don't see my
own which is when I home but when I just
makes me more determined that whatever I
can do I'm gonna do
well we're gonna talk more when we come
the secret to a happy home really one of
the leaders in the polls and one of the
other quotes that we've gotten from the
research you sort of feel that there's
not actually a war on women but there
may be a war on what's inside of women
is that the babies babies over the place
and we should be understand my case I
spent my entire career trying to
preserve life and give people even
operating on babies in the womb
operating all night long sometimes on
premature babies and I get to meet those
people you know when they're adults and
productive adults there is no way you
can convince me that they're not
important that they're just the masses
Isles I just want to say I want to ask
you this have you met with the women who
have to make these horrendous decisions
when they have to make them of whether
or not they can bring a child into the
world we talked about bringing children
into the world all the time but
periodically some women feel I just
can't and are you sympathetic to them
because we just said is that this is a
job for us and the private sector what
we need to do is make sure that we
provide adequate day care so that they
can get their ged there socially
educated I'm talking about
let me tell you for a fact is a lot of
those young girls who are having babies
out of wedlock when they have their
first stop their education and that
child is four times as likely to grow up
in poverty we as a society have an
obligation to do what's necessary to
stop that cycle from his birth control
then to the republican party they should
be out there real real cloning Planned
Parenthood for supplying birth control
mammograms for the Republican Party SP
you against birth control no I'm not ok
so I guess you believe in daycare
centers food stamps and all the things
that because I get sick and tired of
people particularly aggressive or he
must have benefited from government
programs and that he wants to withdraw
all the programs that so many times you
have a bunch of crap and what I really
actually want to do is provide people
with a mechanism for coming out of a
state of dependency in climbing the
ladder becoming part of the family
but I think my question actually let
everybody else asked their questions
because the worst thing has happened in
this nation since slavery in over 90
million people have died because this
country that is up for and by the people
and government is supposed to be there
to facilitate life with this particular
active government comes along and says
don't kill two people think this is what
we're doing the kremlin if you don't
like the ship's seems to be the way of
the relationship between the people and
the government the people are supposed
to be at the pinnacle the government
works for us is not the other way around
ok that's very important we don't have
one last thing you said that you don't
necessarily relate to the republicans
and I don't really say you're a Democrat
either so why do you wanna feel this way
I don't speak for the very different
things you don't like to well I am NOT a
highly partisan person that issues that
affect us
financial collapse we don't change our
ways Republican or Democrat issues that
demand Carson
very good reaction to the ongoing few
well number one i really respect the
fact that jim is sticking up for his
brother I mean I would stick up for my
brothers also and he sticking up for his
brother and I understand that but this
all started when he said that we're safe
you know the country was safe well the
World Trade Center was just attacked it
fell down three thousand people were
killed thousands and thousands of people
were injured and to this day are injured
and it was the worst attack in history
so you can't say he kept our country
safe because he was president you know
it's true image said the buck stops here
so you as president and if you look at
my book which was written a couple of
years prior to the attack I actually
mention the name of Osama bin Laden that
he's a bad terrorist we have to do
something about it and when one of your
competitors heard about it today they
said whoa whoa this is amazing comeback
predicted it actually said in the book
that something would happen nobody talks
about it but I actually I have the quote
let me put it up on the screen this is
exactly what you wrote this was in a
book you published in 2005 the America
we deserve you said I am really
convinced that we're in danger of the
sort of terrorist attacks that will make
the bombing of the Trade Center look
like kids play with firecrackers no
sensible analysts rejects this
possibility and plenty of them like me
or not wondering if but when it will
happen in the book you also wrote quote
one day we're told that a shadowy figure
with no fixed address named Osama bin
Laden is public enemy number one and urs
jet fighters lay waste to his camp in
Afghanistan he escapes back under some
rocks and a few news cycle later it's on
to a new enemy a new crisis how could
you have stopped it I mean I know what's
happening Sean I know what's going on I
think I could have stopped it because I
have very tough illegal immigration
policies and people aren't coming into
this country unless they have that it
invested properly if you look at what
happened
george tenet who is the head of the CIA
personable the CIA
the FBI and everybody else they weren't
talking with each other because they
weren't getting along that's leadership
you have to get everybody to get along
second of all george tenet predicted and
attacked george tenet said there's going
to be an attack they should have done
something about it so I'm not blaming
anybody in this started very innocently
when I said you know to somebody frankly
that didn't really matter I said listen
the World Trade Center came down during
you know there's nothing safe when the
world trade center was attacked in came
down during his reign well that's not
safe because he said Jeb said our
country would say well that's not the
case and then if you want to go a little
further he then attacked the rack which
turned out not to be the right country
because they didn't have weapons of mass
destruction and by the way the
terrorists sent their family's home to
saudi arabia they didn't send him home
to iraq they sent him home to Saudi
Arabia which is another thing for people
to think about you know mr. Trump the
only disagreement I have as we knew that
Saddam had weapons of mass destruction
because we have the images of the kurds
that was slaughtered and little children
and women in the streets we knew there
was a chemical attack and the world
intelligence and fairness also thought
that I want to add another element to
this there's an unnoticed by the way but
they didn't find myself well I don't
know they never found him and frankly
probably use them against Iran which
really was beautiful I mean that they
use the weapons but the beauty of the
woods yet these two countries that were
equal in terms of strength and we
decapitated one of those countries and
now Iran has taken over Iraq and
everything else and I should just take
it lol and I ran is taking oil and
they're taking over the whole country so
yeah it's turned out to be really bad
with that being said I respect the fact
that jet is defending his brother I
think that's good I would do the same
thing but at one point I've always agree
with you on is that if we liberate
Kuwait and we liberate Iraq they need to
pay us for the liberation we need to
give money to the families that lost
brave american soldiers or are injured
now for the rest of their lives we don't
do that and i also think that would help
the ground Isis never would have
emerged he wanted to pull out for
political reasons I love the you bring
up Kuwait Kuwait had nothing but money
they get attacked by iraq they take over
kuwait the rich Arabs go and they move
into London as you know the kuwaiti they
moved into London they didn't take a
room like you would or maybe even I
would they took the entire hotel and
they live like kings and then we attack
we lose lives we spent billions of
dollars and we give it back two
countries are not likely not that they
don't even want to invest in and then I
told him I had them in my office a few
months after that they don't like
investing in the United States ok we
gave them the country back but nothing
we shoulda said we want fifty percent of
everything you make for the next 50
years or permanently and you know what
they would have agreed to it we gave it
back for nothing why did we do that
we're stupid country that's the answer
we negotiate better deals I agree with
you let me play people want to add
another element to this whole how come
america wasn't prepared to drop 911 in a
little-known speech on Long Island that
bill clinton gave in February 2000 and
to the audio audio is a little sketchy
but I want to pay close attention where
he said well he you know he we knew we
wanted to commit crimes against America
but I had no legal basis to take him and
I think he missed the opportunity you
would publish two years earlier what a
bad guy bin Laden was listen to clinton
admit that he could have gotten him but
he failed to take action was into this
keywords are he committed no crimes
against Americans who I didn't bring him
here because we had no basis on which to
hold him even though we knew he wanted
to commit crimes against America and
here's the point in 2000 you identified
him as a citizen a private citizen and
bill clinton knew we wanted to commit
crimes against America had the
opportunity to get him and didn't take
him doesn't he bear that responsibility
well he made a mistake but I will tell
you that if I were there I would have
taken him out now I wrote about in my
book and when they talk when I talk
about the world trade center that was
the first attack which was compared to
what happened ultimately
a minor but I talked about Osama bin
Laden my book and people can't believe
it they just starting to read that book
was the only political book I had ever
done and people just starting to read
that book and they can't believe that I
mention the name Osama bin Laden
remember and treat you at a crawl under
Iraq but we have to get him at clinton
made a mistake and frankly bushes have
taken about somebody should have taken
but I think I think my immigration
policies would have gone a long way to
helping us also show I think the
immigration policy we're now facing a
crisis you see what's happening in
Europe there's a huge backlash because
of Syrian refugees and Iraqi refugees
and and the cost we're being told by our
national intelligence director that I
sis n al-qaida not if they will
infiltrate the refugee camp community
this president is committed to nearly
250,000 coming to america that tells me
where we have a pre 911 my mindset again
your thoughts I was always a big fan of
Merkel's from Germany I'm not offended
him or what she's doing is insane and we
want to take in two hundred thousand and
we don't know where they come from
they have no papers all we know is the
young and they're strong and mostly men
and this could be the greatest Trojan
horse ever this could be bigger than the
original progenitors we shouldn't be
taken anybody we have enough problems we
have to rebuild our country our
infrastructure we all 19 trillion
dollars and by the way taken in two
hundred thousand is going to cost the
suggested a study over a period of 10
years gonna cost us billions of dollars
what are we doing Merkel made a
tremendous mistake they could end up
having a revolution in germany you see
what's happening with the German now
what we should do at the same time from
the Humane sandpoint take a big chunk of
Syria and let's all put some money into
it we have to Kazan humane basis and
build a safe zone what's called the safe
zone let the people but to allow them
into germany and to allow them into
these other countries where there's
nothing but haha rochelle you see what's
happening and that we're gonna take in
two hundred thousand people in this
country we don't know what we're doing
and I i suggested the same thing make it
a secure zone offer humanitarian
assistance often offer food water
medicine supplies and keep them on in
Syria to close the circle on the feud
with jet jet jet wins the nomination
will you support absolutely yes I would
absolutely supportive he's a good person
he's a good man I would support him
okay stay right there will have more
coming up with donald trump the
republicans poll which had you at 41%
51% of if you look at those at least I
know you talked a lot about the polls
but they have been steady they have been
consistent and now byron york has a
piece oh and there's another piece this
week that says finally the establishment
believes you can win
and byron york outlines how the
establishment prayer prepares to go
after you is not being a conservative
are you ready to deal with that and what
will you do look i I have meetings in
new hampshire we have thousands and
thousands of people six seven eight
thousand people every time I went to
Dallas we had twenty thousand and Mark
Cuban's arena was an amazing evening and
Alabama at 35,000 Oklahoma 20,000 every
place we go in iowa we have thousands
and thousands overflow crowds people are
tired of being ripped off in our country
will run by people that are incompetent
they don't know what they're doing every
nation is beating us Obamacare is a
disaster are a Randall is horrible it
was written by it was done by people
that don't know what they're doing i
mean they don't know what they're doing
and people see what's happening and look
they know I do things properly I do the
right thing and they just like what I'm
saying the establishment now thinks you
can win and what they're planning and
what that telegraphing their planning is
a barrages of ads in early states huge
buys millions and millions of dollars
trying to chip away at your conservative
credentials with with primary voters
what do you think is the best way to
respond to that but they're not buying
the candidate John buying the edge the
people that are buying the edge of the
special interests the donors the people
that a lobbyist you know you have
lobbyists I don't have to lobbyists I
used to contribute to the lobby
who knows more about a lobbyist let me
know the good ones and bad ones but the
lobbyists are going crazy because when
they come to me say they want me to do
something for all these companies even
though it's not in the best interest of
the united states I'm not gonna do it
when the special-interest tell me to do
something that adverse to the people of
the united states I'm not gonna do it
because I'm not with you and your own
money back
fight back at the fight back but I
wouldn't be leading every pop but John
you have to understand these people have
hundreds of millions of dollars that
they've given to these politicians and
the politicians are puppets for them
they just puppets with me i'm going to
do what's right for the country we have
19 trillion dollars in debt we're gonna
get the debt paid we gonna do things
right we're not gonna let China rip us
off anymore it's good it's enough
already you know that last year we had
an imbalance with China of four hundred
and fifty billion dollars who can who
can stand that you can't do that and
this has gone on for years and years and
nobody does anything because they have
lobbyists they have special interest and
I'm gonna represent the people we're
gonna make this country so great and so
strong but with that a lot of money is
going to be spent and I just hope when
people are watching this phonies edge
you know all of these phony edged gonna
be put out that they can understand it's
not the candidate it's all of these
special-interest John that wanted not
have a guy like Trump because they're
gonna be out of business but then this
is the art of political war for them and
I think they're serious about it because
they're talking about their power going
away
of the three Democrats looks like
biden's getting in the race so the three
Democrats Biden Hillary Bernie Sanders
if you win the nomination is there
anyone you prefer going up against well
I don't think sanders is gonna get there
frankly and I don't mind going against
hillary's record I think I'd be there
you saw the the various polls and myself
against Hillary I just beat her in
Florida PO came out today where it beat
her pretty easily in Florida I beat her
nationwide I don't mind going against
her and you know Biden is right now he's
got his little period of time where he's
popular soon as he gets in
he'll get beaten up
badly he's done this three or four times
he's lost every time so I don't mind
going against him at all i don't i don't
wanna pick a favorite to be honest I
think I might have a favorite but if you
go by hillary's record should win very
easily have you given any thought if you
win the nomination three people that you
would consider to be your vice president
I have given thought but I don't want to
discuss it is just too early I have to
get their first I don't like talking
about it yet so many people they don't
win they don't know how to win I don't
want to talk about anything I do know
how to win but that's so far down the
road I will say I do respect some of the
people that are running against and I
respect many of the people you have many
good republicans out there that could
really help and be terrific and whether
to unify the republican party we're
going to unify it and make it strong and
we're gonna win we're not gonna do what
Romney did last time we should've won an
election in the loss to unify the
republican party and we're gonna win I
heard you're supposed to be on Jimmy
Kimmel tonight did something happen now
I have a political event but I'm gonna
do his show in two weeks I have a big
political event which I can't skip and I
told him I said you know I have this
event I can't skip it but I will be
doing it in two weeks when I'm out in
Los Angeles
you know there was an article that came
out about hillary's yes he's big
hearings coming up about Benghazi we
know that ambassador Stevens requested
security before it was denied
we know that during the attack that was
a stand-down order given because I
interviewed people that were there they
told me personally and we know they made
up the story about a YouTube video in a
spontaneous demonstration we learned
that about her what do you think about
the hearings and there was another
article that came out earlier today in
Washington free beacon the cheap aged
men sixteen thousand dollars more a year
than women
what's your reaction of those two things
with her well I have to tell you I was
really looking forward to the hearings
but then you add a congressman
Republican go against trey Gowdy and all
of the people as you know and then you
had a whistleblower come out so that
hurt that was not exactly positive and
then yesterday I watched Dr Who I do
respect I think he's a terrific guy but
he seemed to be doing a big pivot he
said well this isn't about hillary
Clinton
I'm pretty good at figuring this stuff
out and he seemed to be doing Sean I'm
surely I'm sure you saw it he seemed to
be doing a big give it away from Hillary
Clinton and I was trying to figure out
what that was all about you may not be
as happy as you think with these
hearings I just don't know the hearings
I was looking forward to him but with
all that's happening and I was surprised
that he pivoted away so much from Miller
he said these hearings are not about her
actually we want to discuss other people
much more so and it sounded like he was
sort of pulling away from going after
her so I'm gonna have to see what the
hearings are all about the truck
will resign as the election of my
successor I will also resign as their
representative from ohio's eighth
District at the end of this month I live
with no regrets the burdens of anything
I leave the way I started just a regular
guy humbled by the chance to do a big
drop that's what I'm most proud of
I'm still just me the same guy who came
here twenty years ago the small
businessman and spent 25 years trying to
just be me but sometimes my staff
thought I was too much like me but it
really is a regular guy that came here
to try to do a good job for my district
my country before I go I express honors
been to serve with all of you and the
people's house is in my view of the
great and bottom embodiment of the
American Dream everybody here come from
somewhere
everybody here is uncertain mission you
know I come from a part of the world
where were used to working far back as I
can remember I was working my dad was
asked me the other day on the job when
was the last time you didn't have a job
I thought about why it would be eight or
nine years old because that was thrown
newspapers back then and working on my
dad far better fact I used to work from
5 a.m. on Saturday morning until 2 p.m.
for $2 $2 an hour
$2
I never thought about growing up is the
easy way or the hard way of the
Cincinnati way and you know our city
takes its name from a great Roman
general sense an ABS a farmer who
answered the call of his nation to lead
and then surrendered his power to go
back to his place for me it was an
informant was a small business and it
wasn't so much a calling as a commission
to strive for a smaller less costly and
more accountable federal government in
Washington how we do hear from facts for
the first time in nearly twenty years
we've made some real entitlement reforms
a saving trillions of dollars over the
long term
reproductive 99% the American people
from an increase in our testers run
track to save taxpayers 2.1 trillion
dollars over the next ten years the most
significant spending reductions in
modern times we've been to your marks
altogether
sorry
rejected this institution we've made a
more open to the people in every day and
its capital city there are hundreds of
kids from the toughest neighborhoods
we're finally getting the chance at a
decent education
things but the mission is not complete
but the truth is it may never be one
thing I came to realize over the two
years and I've been here is that this
battle over the size and scope and cost
of government in washington has been
going on for more than two hundred years
and the forces of the status quo
flood trouble to prevent change from
happening real change takes time
yes freedom makes all things possible
but patience is what makes all things
real
believe in the law slow struggle believe
in this country's ability to meet our
challenges in to lead the world and
remember you can't do a big job alone
especially this one so I'm grateful my
family did in my dream girl of my dreams
were 34 office now they're allowed over
so they've been through a lot you will
know what your families go through it's
one thing for us to take the the brakes
on the boards and everything gets thrown
at us but it's nothing for families they
were thin skin as inspectors are
grateful to all my colleagues my fellow
leaders McCarthy mister schoolies has
been more sliders and many on my side of
the aisle our committee jurors people
I've worked with them for a long time
but I'm just grateful miss pelosi mister
moyer clyburn others for the work that
we've done together these last five
years we've done an awful lot of work
together probably more work done across
the aisle over the last five years than
in the 25 years and I've served in this
institution as much as I enjoy working
with some of you learned address better
ur
you know who you are
corporates the usual suspects that shows
up here once in awhile that I but this
morning he didn't but just very well but
he did have a tone I'm grateful grateful
to the people who work in this
institution everyday and whether it's
the reading clerks here
allow us to do our jobs and help make
this institution what it is and whether
it's the people you see here today with
the people and the CEO's office with a
capital police allege Council there
really are thousands of people really do
allow us to do our job
grateful to my staff now you all know
I'm a big believer in none of us can be
but we are without the good stuff I
certainly would never have gotten to
this job without having built a great
team so I really am grateful to my staff
as they like to say to each other once
you're part of a girl and you're always
part of the internal and that certainly
goes for me as well especially grateful
to all my constituents in the volunteers
over the years that includes a student
at Miami University in Oxford Ohio in
1991 up campaign signs for me James Paul
Ryan I don't anything you could
pronounce my name back in 1990 was
putting things up for me but a sense now
is understood there's a difference
between being asked to do something and
being called to do something is being
called I know Grayson with energy and I
would wish him and his family all the
best
described my life as the chase for the
american dream at the bottom of the hill
just off the main drag and really know
how rates outside Cincinnati job was a
small house with a big grin as shining
city on the hill had twists turns and
even a few cheers of the role of that it
was just perfect
never forget where those people on the
earth in America you can do anything
that you're willing to work for willing
to work hard out and things anything can
happen if you're willing to make the
necessary sacrifices in life if you're
falter and you will you can just pick
yourself up dust yourself off and go do
it again because hope springs eternal
and if you just do the right things for
the right reasons
good things will happen in this too
could really happen to you god bless you
and God bless

the some hot thank you very much
president Van Zandt and thanks to
everyone add to the new school for
welcoming us today
I'm delighted to be back you know over
the past few months
I A and have the opportunity to listen
out to Americans concerns about an
economy that's still
isn't delivering for them it's not
delivering the way that it should
it still seems to most Americans I've
spoken with that it is stacked for those
at the top but I've also heard about
the hopes that people have for their
future going to college without drowning
in debt
starting that small business they've
always dreamed about
getting a job that pays well enough to
support a family
and provide for a secure retirement
previous generations of Americans built
the greatest economy
and strongest middle-class the world
has ever known on the promise
have a basic bargain if you work hard
and do your part you should be able to
get ahead
and when you get ahead America gets
ahead
but over the past several decades
that bargain has eroded our job
is to make it strong again for 35 years
Republicans have argued that if we give
Morwell to those at the top by cutting
their taxes
and letting big corporations right there
own rules
it will trickle down it will trickle
down to everyone outs
yet every time they have a chance to try
that
approach it explodes the national debt
concentrates well
even more and does practically nothing
to help hardworking Americans twice now
in the past 20 years a Democrat
president has had to calm in and clean
up the mass left behind the
I think the results speak for themselves
under president clinton I like the sound
of that
America saw the longest peacetime
expansion in our history nearly 23
million jobs
a balanced budget and a surplus for the
future
and most importantly incomes
rose across the board not just for those
already at the top eight years later
President Obama and the american
people's hard work
hold us back from the brink a depression
President Obama saved the auto industry
imposed new rules on wall street and
provided health care to 16
million Americans
now today today is the shadow of crisis
recedes
and longer-term challenges come into
focus
I believe we have to build a growth
and fairness economy you can't have one
without the other we can't create
enough jobs and new businesses without
more growth
and we can't build strong families
and support our consumer economy without
more fairness
we need both because while america is
standing again
we are not yet running the way we should
corporate profits
are at near record highs and Americans
are working as hard as ever but
paychecks
have barely budge in real terms
families today are stretched in so many
directions
and so are their budgets out-of-pocket
costs of health care
child-care caring for aging parents
are rising a lot faster than wages
I hear this everywhere I go
the single mom who talked to me about
juggling a job and classes at community
college
while raising three kids she doesn't
expect
anything to come easy but if she got a
raise
everything wouldn't be quite so hard the
grandmother who works
hound the clock providing child care to
other people's kids she's proud of her
work
but the pay is barely enough to live on
especially with the soaring price
up her prescription drugs the young
entrepreneur whose dream
buying the bowling alley where he worked
as a teenager was nearly derailed by his
student Dept
if you can grow his business he'll be
able to pay
of his dad and pay as employees
including himself
more too
millions of hard-working americans tell
similar stories
reaches need to rise to keep up
with costs paychecks need to grow
families who work hard and do their part
deserve to get ahead and stay ahead
the defining economic challenge
and our time is clear we must
raise incomes for hard-working Americans
so they can afford a middle-class life
we must drive strong and steady
income growth that lifts up families
and lifts up our country and that
and that will be my mission from that
first day
I'm president to the last I am
the
I will get up every day thinking about
the families have america like the
family that I came from
with a hard-working dad to start a small
business since cramped and saved in
gave us a good middle-class life I'll be
thinking about
all the people that I represented here
in New York in the stories that
they told me and that I worked with them
to improve
and I will as your president take on
this challenge
against the backdrop have major changes
in our economy
and the global economy that didn't start
with the recession
and won't and with the recovery you know
advances in technology and expanding
global trade have created
whole new areas of commercial activity
and open new markets for exports but too
often
they're also polarizing our economy
benefiting
high-skilled workers but displacing
board downgrading blue-collar jobs
and other mid-level jobs that used to
provide
solid incomes for millions Americans
today's marketplace focuses
too much on the short term like second
to second financial trading and
quarterly earnings reports and too
little
on long-term investments meanwhile
many Americans are making extra money
reading out a spare room designing web
sites
selling products they design themselves
at home or
even driving their own car this
on demand or so-called gigot economy
is creating exciting opportunities
and unleashing innovation but its
also raising hard questions about
workplace protections
and what a good job will look like in
the future
so I love these trends are real and
none none is going away but
they don't determine our destiny
the choices
we make as a nation matter and the
choices
we make in the years ahead will set the
stage
for what American life in the middle
class
in our economy will be like in this
century
as president I will work with every
possible partner to turn the tide
to make these currents have changed
start working for us
more than against us to strengthen
not Howell out the American middle class
because I think it our best that's what
Americans do
we are problem solvers not did nine
years
we don't hide from change we harness
said
the measure of our success must be
how much incomes rise for hard-working
families
not just for successful CEOs
and money managers and not just some
arbitrary
growth target untethered to people's
lives and livelihood
I wanna see our economy work for the
struggling
the striving and the successful
we're not gonna find all the answers we
need today in the PlayBook's in the past
we can't go back to the old policies
that
failed us before nor can we just replay
the successes today is not 1993
it's not 2009 so we need
solutions for the big challenges we face
now
today I'm proposing an agenda to raise
incomes for hard-working Americans
an agenda for strong growth share growth
and long-term growth let me begin with
strong growth
more growth means more jobs and more new
businesses
more jobs give people choices about
where to work
and employers have to offer higher
wages and better benefits in order to
compete
with each other to hire new workers and
keep
the productive ones that's why
economists how us that getting closer to
full
employment is crucial for raising
incomes
small businesses create more than 60
percent
have new American jobs on net so they
have to be a top priority
I've said I want to be the small
business president and I mean it
and throughout this campaign I'm going
to be talking about how we empower
entrepreneurs with less red tape easier
access to capital
tax relief and simplification how also
push for broader business tax reform
to spur investment in america closing
those loopholes that reward companies
for sending jobs and profits overseas
and I know stop always how we think
about this
but another engine have strong growth
should be comprehensive
immigration reform the
the
I want you to hear this bringing
millions of hardworking people
into the formal economy with increase
our gross domestic product buying
estimated
7 100 billion dollars over 10 years
then there are the new public
investments that will help establish
businesses
and entrepreneurs create the next
generation of high-paying jobs
you know when we get americans moving we
get our country moving
so let's establish an infrastructure
bank that can channel more public and
private fun
channel those funds to finance
world-class
airports railways roads bridges and
ports
the and let's build those faster
broadband
networks and make sure there's a greater
diversity
a provider's so consumers have more
choice
the and really
there's no excuse not to make greater
investment in cleaner renewable energy
right now our economy
obviously runs on energy and the time
has calmed to make America the world's
clean
energy superpower I advocate that
because these investments will create
millions jobs save us money in the long
run
and help us meet the threats up climate
change
and left fun the scientific
and medical research that spawns
innovative companies
and creates entire new industries
just as the project to sequence the
human genome did in the nineteen
nineties
and President Obama's initiatives on
pre- cision
medicine and brain research will do in
the coming years
I will set ambitious goals and all of
these areas
in the months ahead but today it let me
emphasize another key ingredient have
strong growth
that often goes overlooked and
undervalued breaking down barriers
sell more Americans participate more
fully
in the workforce a specially women
the
the
we hour in a global competition as I'm
sure you have noticed
and we can't afford to leave talent on
the sidelines
but that's exactly what we're doing
today when we leave people out
or write them off we not only short
change them
and their dreams we shortchange our
country
and our future the movement love women
into the american workforce over the
past 40 years
was responsible for more than
three-and-a-half
trillion dollars and economic growth but
that progress
has stalled the United States used to
rank seventh
outlive 24 advanced countries in women's
labor force participation
by 2013 we had dropped
to ninety that represents a lot I've
on used potential for our economy
and for american families studies show
that nearly
a third up this decline relative to
other countries is because their
expanding
family friendly policies like paid leave
and we are not we should be making it
easier for Americans to be both good
workers
and good parents and caregivers women
who want to work should be able to do so
without worrying
everyday about how they're going to take
care of their children
or what will happen if a family member
gets sick
you know last year
last year while I was at the hospital
here in Manhattan waiting for little
Charlotte to make a grand entrance
wanted the nurses said thank you for
fighting for paid leave
and we began to talk about it she sees
first-hand what it means
for herself and her colleagues
as well as for the working parents
that she helps a Cara it's time to
recognize that quality
affordable child care is not a luxury
its 8 growth strategy and it's way past
time to
and the outrage have so many women still
earning less than man on the job and
women up power
making even less the
you know all this lost money adds up
and for some women its thousands have
dollars
every year now I am well aware
that for far too long these challenges
have been dismissed
by some as women's issues while those
days
are over
fair pay and fair scheduling
paid family leave and earned sick days
child-care are Sentul to
our competitiveness and our growth and
we can do this
in a way that doesnt impose unfair
burdens on businesses especially small
businesses
as president our fight to put families
first
just like I have my entire career
now be on strong growth we also need
fair growth
and that will be the second key driver
have breezing
incomes the evidence is in
inequality is a drag on
our entire economy so this is the
problem
we need to tackle now you may have heard
governor bush say last week that
Americans just need to work
longer hours well he must not have met
very many American workers the
let him tell that to the nurse who
stands on her feet
all day or the teacher who is in that
classroom or the trucker who drives all
night
let him tell that to the fast-food
workers marching in the streets for
better pay
they don't need a lecture they need
a raise the
the
the truth there's the current rules for
our economy
to reward some work Mike financial
trading for example much more than other
work like actually
building and selling things the work
that is always ban
the backbone have our economy to get
all incomes rising again we need to
strike
a better balance if you work hard you
ought to be paid fairly
so we do have to raise the minimum wage
and implement President Obama's new
rules on overtime
and then we have to go further out
crackdown on bosses who exploit
employees by misclassifying them
as contractors or even steal their wages
to make
paycheck stretch we need to take on the
major
strains on family budgets out protect
the Affordable Care Act and build on it
to lower
out-of-pocket health care costs
and to make prescription drugs more
affordable
will help families look forward to
retirement by defending and enhancing
social security
and making it easier to save for the
future
now many of these proposals are
time-tested
and more been a little battle-scarred we
need
new ideas as well and one that I believe
in
and will fight for is profit-sharing
hard working americans deserve to
benefit
from the record corporate earnings they
help produce
so I will propose ways to encourage
companies
to share profits with their employees
that's good for workers
and good for businesses study show that
profit sharing that gives
everyone a stake in a company success
can boost productivity
and put money directly into employees
pockets
it's a win-win later this week in new
hampshire I'll have more to say about
how we do this another priority must be
reforming our tax code now we hear
republican candidates talk a lot
about tax reform but take
a good look at their plans senator
Rubio's
would cut taxes for households making
around
three million dollars a year by almost
two hundred and forty thousand dollars
which is way more than three times the
earnings
abate typical family well that's a sure
budget-busting giveaway to the super
wealthy and that's the kinda bad
economics
you're likely to hear from any at the
candidates
on the other side I have a different
take
guided by some simple principles
first hard-working families need
and deserve tax relief and
simplification
second those at the top have to pay
their fair share that's why I support
the Buffett Rule
which make sure that millionaires don't
pay
lower rates than their secretaries I've
also called for closing the carried
interest loophole
which lets wealthy financiers pay and
artificially lull rate and let's agree
that hugely successful companies that
benefit from
everything America has to offer should
not be able to game the system
and avoid paying their fair share
especially while companies who can't
afford
high-price lawyers and lobbyists end up
paying more
alongside tax reform it's time to stand
up to efforts across
our country to undermine worker
bargaining power which has been proven
again and again to drive up wages
republican governors like Scott Walker
have made their names
stomping on workers rights and
practically all the republican
candidates hope to do the same
as president I will fight back against
these mean-spirited
misguided attacks evidence the
evidence shows that the decline
unions may be responsible for a third
have the increase have in a quality
among men so if we want to get serious
about raising incomes we have to get
serious
about supporting union workers the
and let me just say a word here about
trade the Greek crisis
as well as the Chinese stock market have
reminded us that growth here at home
and growth and ocean away are linked in
a comment global
economy trade has been a major driver of
the economy
over recent decades but he has also
contributed to hollowing out
our manufacturing base and many
hard-working communities
so we do need to set a high bar for
trade agreements
we should support them if they create
jobs raise wages
in advance our national security and we
should be prepared
to walk away if they don't to create
share growth
we need to create opportunity
for more Americans I love
the saying by abraham Lincoln
who in many ways was not only
the president who saved our union
but the president who understood
profoundly the importance
up the middle class and the importance a
government
playing its role in providing
opportunities
he talked about giving Americans
a share chance in the race
life I believe that with all my heart
but I also believe it has to start
really early at birth high-quality
early learning especially in the first
five years
conceptual drawing on the course for
future success
and raise lifetime incomes by 25 percent
and
I'm committed to seeing
every four year old in america have
access to high-quality
preschool in the next 10 years but i
wanna do more
I want to call for a crate
outpouring have support from our faith
community our business community
are academic institutions from
philanthropy and civic groups and
concerned citizens to really help
parents particularly parents who are
facing a lot of obstacles
to really help prepare their own
children
in net 024 age group eighty percent
have your brain is physically formed by
the age of three
that's why families like mine
read talk and sing endlessly to our
granddaughter
I've said that her first words are gonna
be enough
with the reading and the copying singing
but we do it not only because we love
doing it
even though I'll admit it's a little
embarrassing you reading a book to a
two-week older a six-week-old
can recall but we do it because we
understand its
building her capacity for learning
and the research shows by the time she
enters kindergarten
she will have heard 30 million more
words than a child from unless
advantaged background think
I've what we are losing because we're
not doing
everything we can to reach out to those
families and we know
again from so much research here in the
United States and around the world
at that early help that mentoring that
intervention to help those often
stressed out young moms
understand more about what they can do
and to avoid
that difficulties that stand in the way
and they're being able
to really get their child off to the
best possible start
we also have to invest in our students
and our teachers at every level in the
coming weeks
and months I will lay out specific steps
to improve our schools
make college truly affordable and help
Americans
refinance their student debt and let's
embrace
let's embrace the idea lifelong learning
in a Jif technological change
we need to provide pathways to get
skills and credentials for new
occupations
and create online platforms to connect
workers to jobs there are exciting
efforts underway and I wanna support
and scale the ones that show results as
we pursue all these policies
we can't forget our fellow Americans hit
so hard and left behind by
this changing world from the inner
cities to call country
Indian country talent is universal
you find it everywhere but opportunity
is not there are nearly 6
million young people age
16 to 24 in america today
who are not in school or
at work the numbers for young people of
color
are particularly staggering a quarter a
young black man
and nearly fifteen percent Obama t know
youth
cannot find a job we've got to do a
better
way up coming up to match their growing
middle-class incomes we want to generate
with more pathways into the middle class
I firmly believe that the best
anti-poverty program is a job but that's
hard to say if there aren't enough jobs
for people that were trying to help
left themselves out of poverty that's
why I had called for reviving the new
markets tax credit
and empowerment zones to create greater
incentives to invest in poor
and remote areas when
when all americans have the chance to
study hard
work hard and share in our country's
prosperity
vats fair grow it's what I've always
believed in
and it's what I will fight for as
president now the third key driver
income alongside strong growth
and share growth must be long-term
growth too many pressures in our economy
push us toward short term -ism many
business leaders
see this they've talked to me about it
one is called it the problem
up quarterly capitalism they say
everything's focused and the next
earnings report for the short term share
price
and the result is too little attention
on the sources have long-term growth
research and development physical
capital and
talent net business investment which
includes things like factories machines
and research labs
had declined as a share the economy
in recent years some of our biggest
companies have spent more than half
their earnings to buy back their own
stock
and another third or more to pay
dividends
at doesn't leave a lot left
to raise pay or invest in the workers
who made those profits possible
or to make new investments necessary to
ensure
a company's future success these trends
need to change and I believe that many
business leaders
are eager to embrace their
responsibilities not just to today's
share price but also to workers
communities
and ultimately to our country and indeed
our planet
now I'm not talking about charity i'm
talking about. clear
I'd capitalism many companies have
prospered by improving wages
an training their workers that then
yields higher productivity
better service and larger profits
now it's easy to try to cut costs by
holding down
nor even decrease in pay and other
investments
to inflate quarterly stock prices but I
would argue that's bad for business
in the long run and it's really bad for
our country
workers are assets investing in them
pays off higher wages payoff
training pays off to help more companies
do that I proposed a new for fifteen
hundred dollar tax credit
for every worker they train and hire and
I will soon be proposing
a new plan to reform capital gains taxes
to reward longer-term investments that
create jobs
more than just quick trades
I will also propose reforms to help
CEO's
and shareholders alike focus on the next
decade rather than just
the next day making sure
stock buybacks aren't being used only
for an immediate boost
in share prices empowering outside
investors who want to build companies
but discouraging cut and Ron
shareholders who act more like
all school corporate Raiders and nowhere
will be shipped from short-term to
long-term
be more important that on wall street.
as a former senator from New York
I know firsthand the role that Wall
Street can
and should play in our economy helping
Main Street grow and prosper
and boosting new companies that make
America more competitive globally
but as we all know in the years before
the crash
financial firms piled risk up on risk
and regulators in washington either
couldn't
or wouldn't keep up I was alarmed by
this gathering storm and called for
addressing the risks derivatives
cracking down on subprime mortgages
and improving financial oversight under
President Obama's leadership
we've imposed tough new rules that deal
with some other challenges
on wall street but those rules have been
under assault by republicans in congress
and those running for president I will
fight
back against these attacks and protect
the reforms we've made
we can do that and still ease burdens
on community banks to encourage
responsible loans
to local people and businesses they know
and trust
we also have to go beyond dodd-frank
too many of our major financial
institutions
are still too complex and
too risky and the problems are not
limited
to the big banks to get all the
headlines serious risks are emerging
from
institutions and
so-called shadow banking system
including
hedge funds high-frequency traders
non-bank finance companies
so many new kinds up entities
which receive little oversight at all
stories have misconduct by individuals
and institutions
in the financial industry are shocking
HSBC allowing drug cartels to launder
money
five major banks pleading guilty to
felony charges
for conspiring to manipulate currency
exchange
and interest rates there can be no
justification
or tolerance for this kind a criminal
behavior
and while institutions had paid large
fines
and in some cases admitted guilt too
often
it has seemed that the human beings
responsible
get off with limited consequences
or none at all even when they've already
pocketed
the gains this is wrong and on my watch
it will change over the course
over the course of this campaign I will
offer plans to rein in
excessive risks on wall street and
ensure that stock markets work for
everyday investors
not just high-frequency traders and
those with the best
or fastest connections I will appoint
and empower regulators who understand
that too big to fail is still too big a
problem
will ensure will ensure that no firm
is too complex to manage or oversee
and we will prosecute individuals as
well as firms
when they commit fraud or other criminal
wrongdoing
and when the government recovers money
from corporations or individuals for
harming the public
it should go into a separate trust fund
to benefit the public
it could for example help modernize
infrastructure
or even be returned directly to
taxpayers
now reform is never easy
but we've done it be four in our country
and we have to get it right this time
and yes we need leadership
from the financial industry and across
the private sector
to join with us two years ago
the head of the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange Terry Duffy
published an op-ed in the Wall Street
Journal
that really caught my attention he wrote
and I quote
i'm concerned. that does a bus
in financial services have forgotton who
we serve
and that the public knows it some wall
streeters can to
easily slip into regarding their work as
a kinda
money-making game divorced from the
concerns
I've Main Street and prompt I think we
should
listen to Terry Duffy of course
long-term growth is
only possible if the public sector steps
up as well
so it's time to and the era a budget
brinkmanship
and stop careening from one self
inflicted crisis to another it's time to
stop having debates over the small stuff
and focus how we're going to tackle the
big stuff together
how do we respond to technological
change in a way that creates more good
jobs
then it displaces or destroys can we
sustain
a boon in advanced manufacturing what
are the best ways to nurture startups
outside the successful corridors like
Silicon Valley
questions like these demands thoughtful
and mature debate
from our policymakers in government from
our leaders in the private sector
our economists are academics others who
can come together to the table
and on behalf America perform their
patriotic duty
to make sure our economy keeps working
and are middle-class keeps growing
the
so government has to be smarter simpler
more focused itself on long-term
investments than short term politics
and be a better partner to cities states
and the private sector
Washington has to be a better Stewart
Americans tax dollars and Americans
trust
and please let's get back to making
decisions
that rely on evidence more than ideology
the
that's what I'll do as president I will
seek out
and welcome any good idea that is
actually
based on reality I
wanna have principled and pragmatic and
progressive policies
that really move us forward together
and I will propose ways to ensure that
our fiscal
outlook is sustainable including by
continuing to restrain
health care costs which remain one of
the key drivers
have long-term deficits I will make sure
washington learns from how well local
governments businesses
and nonprofits are working together in
successful cities and towns
across america no passing legislation is
not the only way to drive progress
as president I will use the power to
convene
connect and collaborate to build
partnerships that actually get things
done
because above all we have to break out
of the poisonous
partisan gridlock and focus on the
long-term
needs our country
I i confess maybe it's the grandmother
in May but
I believe that part of public service
is planting trees under whose
shade you'll never see it and a vision
I've laid out here today for strong
growth share growth
and long-term growth all working
together
will get incomes rising again will help
working families
get ahead and stay ahead that is the
test
have our time and I'm inviting
everyone to please join me to do your
part
that's what great countries do that's
what
our country always has done we rise
to challenges it's not about left
right or center it's about the future
versus the past I'm running for
president to build an america
for tomorrow not yesterday an America
built on
growth and fairness an America where if
you do your part you will reap the
rewards
where we don't leave any why
the
the
the
the
thank you all the
I just want to leave you with one more
thought I want every child
not just the grand daughter of a former
president
or former Secretary of State but every
child
or her god-given potential please join
me
in that mission let's do it together
thank you
%uh the
driving the new markets tax credit and
empowerment zones
to create greater incentives to invest
in poor
and remote areas when
when all americans have the chance to
study hard
work hard and share in our country's
prosperity
vats fair grow it's what I've always
believed in
and it's what I will fight for as
president now the third key driver
income alongside strong growth
and share growth must be long-term
growth too many pressures in our economy
push us toward short term is some many
business leaders
see this they've talked to me about it
one is called it the problem
up quarterly capitalism they say
everything's focused and the next
earnings report for the short term share
price
and the result is too little attention
on the sources have long-term growth
research and development physical
capital and
talent net business investment which
includes things like
factories machines and research labs had
declined
as a share the economy in recent years
some of our biggest companies have spent
more than half
their earnings to buy back their own
stock
and another third or more to pay
dividends
at doesn't leave a lot left
to raise pay or invest in the workers
who made those profits possible
or to make new investments necessary to
ensure
a company's future success these trends
need to change and I believe that many
business leaders
are eager to embrace their
responsibilities not just two days
share price but also to workers
communities
and ultimately to our country and indeed
our planet
now I'm not talking about charity i'm
talking about. clear
I'd capitalism many companies have
prospered by improving wages
an training their workers that then
yields higher productivity
better service and larger profits
now it's easy to try to cut costs by
holding down or even decrease in pay
and other investments to inflate
quarterly stock prices
but I would argue that's bad for
business in the long run
and it's really bad for our country
workers are
assets investing in them pays off
higher wages payoff training
pays off to help more companies do that
I proposed a new for fifteen hundred
dollar tax credit
for every worker they train and hire and
I will soon be proposing
a new plan to reform capital gains taxes
to reward longer-term investments that
create jobs
more than just quick trades the
I will also propose reforms to help
CEO's
and shareholders alike focus on the next
decade rather than just
the next day making sure
stock buybacks aren't being used only
for an immediate boost
in share prices empowering outside
investors who want to build companies
but discouraging cut and Ron
shareholders who act more like
old-school corporate Raiders and nowhere
will be shipped from short-term to
long-term
be more important that on wall street.
as a former senator from New York
I know firsthand the role that Wall
Street can
and should play in our economy helping
Main Street grow and prosper
and boosting new companies that make
America more competitive globally
but as we all know in the years before
the crash
financial firms piled risk up on risk
and regulators in washington either
couldn't
or wouldn't keep up I was alarmed by
this gathering storm and called for
addressing the risks derivatives
cracking down on subprime mortgages
and improving financial oversight under
President Obama's leadership
we've imposed tough new rules that deal
with some other challenges
on wall street but those rules have been
under assault by republicans in congress
and those running for president I will
fight
back against these attacks and protect
the reforms we've made
we can do that and still ease burdens
on community banks to encourage
responsible loans
to local people and businesses they know
and trust
we also have to go beyond dodd-frank
too many of our major financial
institutions
are still too complex and
too risky and the problems are not
limited
to the big banks to get all the
headlines serious risks are emerging
from
institutions
the so-called shadow banking system
including
hedge funds high-frequency traders
non-bank finance companies
so many new kinds up entities
which receive little oversight at all
stories have misconduct by individuals
and institutions
in the financial industry are shocking
HSBC allowing drug cartels to launder
money
five major banks pleading guilty to
felony charges
for conspiring to manipulate currency
exchange
and interest rates there can be no
justification
or tolerance for this kind have criminal
behavior
and while institutions had paid large
fines
and in some cases admitted guilt too
often
it has seemed that the human beings
responsible
get off with limited consequences
or none at all even when they've already
pocketed
the gains this is wrong and on my watch
it will change over the course
over the course of this campaign I will
offer plans to rein in
excessive risks on wall street and
ensure that stock markets work for
everyday investors
not just high-frequency traders and
those with the best
or fastest connections I will appoint
and empower regulators who understand
that too big to fail is still too big a
problem
will ensure will ensure that no firm
is too complex to manage or oversee
and we will prosecute individuals as
well as firms
when they commit fraud or other criminal
wrongdoing
and when the government recovers money
from corporations or individuals for
harming the public
it should go into a separate trust fund
to benefit the public
the some hot
thank you very much president Van Zandt
and thanks to everyone
add to the new school for welcoming us
today
I'm delighted to be back you know over
the past few months
I am. have the opportunity to listen
out to Americans concerns about an
economy that's still
isn't delivering for them it's not
delivering the way that it should
it still seems to most Americans I've
spoken with
that it is stacked for those at the top
but I've also heard
about the hopes that people have for
their future
going to college without drowning in
debt starting that small business
they've
always dreamed about getting a job that
pays well enough to support a family
and provide for a secure retirement
previous generations of Americans built
the greatest economy
and strongest middle-class the world
has ever known on the promise
have a basic bargain if you work hard
and do your part you should be able to
get ahead
and when you get ahead America gets
ahead
but over the past several decades
that bargain has eroded our job
is to make it strong again for 35 years
Republicans have argued that if we give
Morwell to those at the top by cutting
their taxes
and letting big corporations right there
own rules
it will trickle down it will trickle
down to everyone else
yet every time they have a chance to try
that
approach it explodes the national debt
concentrates well even more
and does practically nothing to help
hardworking Americans twice now
in the past 20 years a democratic
president has had to calm
in and clean up the mass
left behind the
I think the results speak for themselves
under president clinton I like the sound
of that
America saw the longest peacetime
expansion in our history nearly 23
million jobs
a balanced budget and a surplus for the
future
and most importantly incomes
rose across the board not just for those
already at the top eight years later
President Obama and the american
people's hard work
hold us back from the brink have
depression
President Obama saved the auto industry
imposed new rules on wall street and
provided health care to 16
million Americans
now today today as the shadow of crisis
recedes
and longer-term challenges come into
focus
I believe we have to build a growth
and fairness economy you can't have one
without the other we can't create
enough jobs and new businesses without
more growth
and we can't build strong families
and support our consumer economy without
more fairness
we need both because while america is
standing again
we are not yet running the way we should
corporate profits
are at near record highs and Americans
are working as hard as ever but
paychecks
have barely budged in real terms
families today are stretched in so many
directions
and so are their budgets out-of-pocket
costs of health care
child-care caring for aging parents
are rising a lot faster than wages
I hear this everywhere I go
the single mom who talked to me about
juggling a job and classes at community
college
while raising three kids she doesn't
expect
anything to come easy but if she got a
raise
everything wouldn't be quite so hard the
grandmother who works
hound the clock providing child care to
other people's kids she's proud ever
work
but the pay is barely enough to live on
especially with the soaring price
up her prescription drugs the young
entrepreneur whose dream
buying the bowling alley where he worked
as a teenager was nearly derailed by his
student Dept
if he can grow his business he'll be
able to pay
of his dad and pay as employees
including himself
more too
millions of hard-working americans tell
similar stories
reaches need to rise to keep up
with costs paychecks need to grow
families who work hard and do their part
deserve to get ahead and stay ahead
the defining economic challenge
and our time is clear we must
raise incomes for hard-working Americans
so they can afford a middle-class life
we must drive strong and steady
income growth that lifts up families
and lifts up our country and that
and that will be my mission from that
first day
I'm president to the last I am
the I will get up
every day thinking about the families
have america like the family that I came
from
with a hard-working dad to start a small
business since cramped and saved in
gave us a good middle-class life I'll be
thinking about
all the people that I represented here
in New York in the stories that
they told me and that I worked with them
to improve
and I will as your president take on
this challenge
against the backdrop have major changes
in our economy
and the global economy that didn't start
with the recession
and won't and with the recovery you know
advances in technology and expanding
global trade have created
whole new areas of commercial activity
and open new markets for exports but too
often
they're also polarizing our economy
benefiting
high-skilled workers but displacing
word downgrading blue-collar jobs
into the american workforce over the
past 40 years
was responsible for more than
three-and-a-half
trillion dollars and economic growth but
that progress
has stalled the United States used to
rank seventh
outlive 24 advanced countries in women's
labor force participation
by 2013 we had dropped to ninety
that represents a lot I've on
used potential for our economy and for
american families
studies show that nearly a third
up this decline relative to other
countries
is because their expanding family
friendly policies like paid leave and we
are not
we should be making it easier for
Americans to be both good workers
and good parents and caregivers
women who want to work should be able to
do so without worrying
everyday about how they're going to take
care of their children
or what will happen if a family member
gets sick
you know last year
last year while I was at the hospital
here in Manhattan waiting for little
Charlotte to make a grand entrance
wanted the nurses said thank you for
fighting for paid leave
and we began to talk about it she sees
first-hand what it means
for herself and her colleagues
as well as for the working parents
that she helps take care of it's time to
recognize that quality
affordable child care is not a luxury
its 8 growth strategy and it's way past
time to
and the outrage have so many women still
earning less than man on the job and
women up power
making even less the
you know all this lost money adds up
and for some women its thousands have
dollars
every year now I am well aware
that for far too long these challenges
have been dismissed
by some as women's issues while those
days
are over the fair pay
and fair scheduling paid family leave
and earned sick days child-care
are Sentul to our competitiveness
and our growth and we can do this
in a way that doesnt impose unfair
burdens on businesses especially small
businesses
as president our fight to put families
first
just like I have my entire career
now be on strong growth we also need
fair growth
and that will be the second key driver
have breezing
incomes the evidence is in
inequality is a drag on
our entire economy so this is the
problem
we need to tackle now you may have heard
governor bush say last week that
Americans just need to work
longer hours well he must not have met
very many American workers the
let him tell that to the nurse who
stands on her feet
all day or the teacher who is in that
classroom or the trucker who drives
all night let him tell that to the
fast-food workers marching in the
streets for better pay
they don't need a lecture they need
a raise the
the
the truth says the current rules for our
economy
to reward some work Mike financial
trading for example much more than other
word like actually
building and selling things the work
that is always ban
the backbone have our economy to get
all incomes rising again we need to
strike
a better balance if you work hard you
ought to be paid fairly
so we do have to raise the minimum wage
and implement President Obama's new
rules on overtime
and then we have to go further out
crackdown on bosses who exploit
employees by misclassifying them
as contractors or even steal their wages
to make paycheck stretch
we need to take on the major strange on
family budgets
out protect the Affordable Care Act and
build on it to lower
out-of-pocket health care costs
and to make prescription drugs more
affordable
will help families look forward to
retirement by defending and enhancing
social security
and making it easier to save for the
future
now many of these proposals are
time-tested
and more been a little battle-scarred we
need
new ideas as well and one that I believe
in
and will fight for is profit-sharing
hard working americans deserve to
benefit
from the record corporate earnings they
help produce
so I will propose ways to encourage
companies
to share profits with their employees
that's good for workers
and good for businesses study show that
profit sharing that gives
everyone a stake in a company success
can boost productivity
and put money directly into employees
pockets
it's a win-win later this week in new
hampshire I'll have more to say about
how
we do this another priority must be
reforming our tax code now we hear
republican candidates talk a lot
about tax reform but take
a good look at their plans senator
Rubio's
would cut taxes for households making
around
three million dollars a year by almost
two hundred and forty thousand dollars
which is way more than three times the
earnings
have a typical family well that's a sure
budget-busting giveaway to the super
wealthy and that's the kinda bad
economics
you're likely to hear from any at the
candidates
on the other side I have a different
take
guided by some simple principles
first hard-working family and other
mid-level jobs that used to provide
solid incomes
for millions Americans today's
marketplace
focuses too much on the short term like
second to second financial trading and
quarterly earnings reports and too
little
on long-term investments meanwhile
many Americans are making extra money
reading out a spare room designing web
sites
selling products they design themselves
at home or
even driving their own car this
on demand or so-called gigot economy
is creating exciting opportunities
and unleashing innovation but its
also raising hard questions about
workplace protections
and what a good job will look like in
the future
so I love these trends are real and
none none is going away but
they don't determine our destiny
the choices remake
as a nation matter and the choices
we made in the years ahead will set the
stage
for what American life in the middle
class
in our economy will be like in this
century
as president I will work with every
possible partner to turn the tide
to make these currents have changed
start working for us
more than against us to strengthen
not Howell out the American middle class
because I think it our best that's what
Americans do
we are problem solvers not did nine
years
we don't hide from change we harness
said
the measure of our success must be
how much incomes rise for hard-working
families
not just for successful CEOs
and money managers and not just some
arbitrary
growth target untethered to people's
lives and livelihood
I wanna see our economy
work for the struggling the striving
and the successful we're not gonna find
all the answers we need today in the
PlayBook's in the past we can't go back
to the old policies that
failed us before nor can we just replay
the successes today is not 1993
it's not 2009 so we need
solutions for the big challenges we face
now
today I'm proposing an agenda to raise
incomes for hard-working Americans
an agenda for strong growth share growth
and long-term growth let me begin with
strong growth
more growth means more jobs and more new
businesses
more jobs give people choices about
where to work
and employers have to offer higher
wages and better benefits in order to
compete
with each other to hire new workers and
keep
the productive ones that's why
economists how us that getting closer to
full
employment is crucial for raising
incomes
small businesses create more than 60
percent
have new American jobs on net so they
have to be a top priority
I've said I want to be the small
business president
and I mean it and throughout this
campaign I'm going to be talking about
how we empower
entrepreneurs with less red tape easier
access to capital
tax relief and simplification how also
push for broader business tax reform
to spur investment in america closing
those loopholes that reward companies
for sending jobs and profits overseas
and I know its top always how we think
about this
but another engine out strong growth
should be comprehensive
immigration reform the
the
I want you to hear this bringing
millions of hardworking people
into the formal economy with increase
our gross domestic product buying
estimated
7 100 billion dollars over 10 years
then there are the new public
investments that will help establish
businesses
and entrepreneurs create the next
generation of high-paying jobs
you know when we get americans moving we
get our country moving
so let's establish an infrastructure
bank that can channel more public and
private fun
channel those funds to finance
world-class
airports railways roads bridges and
ports
the and let's build those faster
broadband
networks and make sure there's a greater
diversity
a provider's so consumers have more
choice
the and really
there's no excuse not to make greater
investment in cleaner renewable energy
right now
our economy obviously runs on energy and
the time
has calmed to make America the world's
clean energy
superpower I advocate that because these
investments will create
millions jobs save us money in the long
run
and help us meet the threats up climate
change
and let's fun the scientific
and medical research that's ponds
innovative companies
and creates entire new industries
just as the project to sequence the
human genome
did in the nineteen nineties and
President Obama's initiatives
on pre- cision medicine and brain
research will do
in the coming years I will set ambitious
goals
and all of these areas in the months
ahead but today let me emphasize another
key ingredient
have strong growth that often goes
overlooked
and undervalued breaking down barriers
sell more Americans participate more
fully
in the workforce a specially women
the
we hour in a global competition as I'm
sure you have noticed
add we can't afford to leave talent on
the sidelines
but that's exactly what we're doing
today when we leave people out
or write them off we not only short
change them
and their dreams we shortchange our
country
and our future the movement love women
days need and deserve tax relief
and simplification second those at the
top
have to pay their fair share that's why
I support
the Buffett Rule which make sure that
millionaires don't pay
lower rates than their secretaries I've
also called for closing the carried
interest loophole
which lets wealthy financiers pay and
artificially
lull rate and let's agree that's hugely
successful companies
that benefit from everything America has
to offer
should not be able to game the system
and avoid paying their fair share
especially while companies who can't
afford
high-priced lawyers and lobbyists end up
paying more
alongside tax reform it's time to stand
up to efforts across
our country to undermine worker
bargaining power which has been proven
again and again to drive up wages
republican governors like Scott Walker
have made their names
stomping on workers rights and
practically all the republican
candidates help to do the same
as president I will fight back against
these mean-spirited
misguided attacks evidence the
evidence shows that the decline
unions may be responsible for a third
have the increase have in a quality
among men so if we want to get serious
about raising incomes we have to get
serious
about supporting union workers the
and let me just say a word here about
trade the Greek crisis
as well as the Chinese stock market have
reminded us that growth here at home
and growth and ocean away are linked in
a comment global
economy trade has been a major driver of
the economy
over recent decades but he has also
contributed to hollowing out
our manufacturing base and many
hard-working communities
so we do need to set a high bar for
trade agreements
we should support them if they create
jobs
raise wages in advance our national
security
and we should be prepared to walk away
if they don't to create share growth
we need to create opportunity
for more Americans I love
the saying by abraham Lincoln
who in many ways was not only
the president who saved our union
but the president who understood
profoundly the importance
up the middle class and the importance a
government
playing its role in providing
opportunities
he talked about giving Americans
a share chance in the race
life I believe that with all my heart
but I also believe it has to start
really early at birth high-quality
early learning especially in the first
five years
can set children on the course for
future success
and raise lifetime incomes by 25 percent
and
I'm committed to seeing
every four year old in america have
access to high-quality
preschool in the next 10 years but i
wanna do more
I want to call for a crate
outpouring have support from our faith
community our business community
are academic institutions from
philanthropy and civic groups and
concerned citizens to really help
parents particularly parents who are
facing a lot of
obstacles to really help prepare their
own
children in net 024 age group
eighty percent have your brain is
physically formed by the age of three
that's why families like mine
read talkin saying endlessly to our
granddaughter
I've said that her first words are gonna
be enough
with the reading and the cocking singing
but we do it not only because we love
doing it
even though I'll admit it's a little
embarrassing you're reading a book to a
two-week older a six-week-old
can recall but we do it because we
understand
its building her capacity for learning
and the research shows by the time she
enters kindergarten
she will have heard 30 million more
words than a child from unless
advantaged background think
I've what we are losing because we're
not doing
everything we can to reach out to those
families and we know
again from so much research here in the
United States
and around the world at that early help
that mentoring that intervention to help
those
often stressed out young moms understand
more about what they can do and to avoid
that difficulties that stand in the way
and they're being able
to really get their child off to the
best possible start
we also have to invest in our students
and our teachers at every level in the
coming weeks
and months I will lay out specific steps
to improve our schools
make college truly affordable and help
Americans
refinance their student debt and let's
embrace
let's embrace the idea lifelong learning
in a Jif technological change we need to
provide pathways
to get skills and credentials for new
occupations
and create online platforms to connect
workers to jobs there are exciting
efforts underway and I wanna support
and scale the ones that show results as
we pursue all these policies
we can't forget our fellow Americans hit
so hard and left behind by
this changing world from the inner
cities to call country
Indian country talent is universal
you find it everywhere but opportunity
is not there are nearly 6
million young people age
16 to 24 in america today
who are not in school or
at work the numbers for young people of
color
are particularly staggering a quarter a
young black man
and nearly fifteen percent of all latino
youth
cannot find a job we've got to do a
better
way up coming up to match their growing
middle-class incomes we want to generate
with more pathways into the middle class
I firmly believe that the best
anti-poverty program is a job but that's
hard to say if there aren't enough jobs
for people that were trying to help
left themselves out of poverty that's
why I had called for review

Seven years after the financial crash, despite important new rules signed into law by President Barack Obama, there are risks in our financial system that could still cause another crisis. Banks have paid billions of dollars in fines, but few executives have been held personally accountable. “Too big to fail” is still too big a problem. Regulators don’t have all the tools and support they need to protect our economy. To prevent irresponsible behavior on Wall Street from ever again devastating Main Street, we need more accountability, tougher rules and stronger enforcement. I have a plan to build on the progress we’ve made under President Obama and do just that.

In the years before the crash, as financial firms piled risk upon risk, regulators in Washington either couldn’t or wouldn’t keep up. Top regulators under President George W. Bush posed for a picture literally taking a chain saw to banking rules. Before the crisis hit, as a senator from New York, I was alarmed by this gathering storm, and called for addressing the risks of derivatives, cracking down on abusive subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight. Unfortunately, the Bush administration and Republicans in Congress largely ignored calls for reform. The result cost 9 million Americans their jobs, drove 5 million families out of their homes and wiped out more than $13 trillion in household wealth.

Thanks to President Obama’s leadership and the determination and sacrifice of the American people, we’ve worked our way out of that ditch and put our economy on sounder footing. Now we have to keep going.

First, it’s time for more accountability on Wall Street. Stories of misconduct in the financial industry are shocking -- like HSBC allowing drug cartels to launder money or five major banks pleading guilty to felony charges for conspiring to manipulate currency exchange rates. This is criminal behavior, yet the individuals responsible often get off with limited consequences -- or none at all. I want to change that.

People who commit serious financial crimes should face serious consequences, including big fines, disbarment from working in the industry and the prospect of imprisonment. As president, I will seek to extend the statute of limitations for major financial crimes, enhance whistle-blower rewards, and increase resources for the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate and prosecute individuals. We should also hold financial executives accountable for egregious misconduct by their subordinates. They need to lose their bonuses and, in some cases, their jobs.

Second, I will work with Congress and independent regulators to rein in the complexity and riskiness of major financial institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act that President Obama signed after the crisis has already made important reforms, but there’s more to do.

One serious approach being advocated is to pass an updated Glass-Steagall Act, separating commercial and investment banking, to reduce the size of the banks and the risk of a taxpayer bailout. I certainly share the goal of never having to bail out the big banks again, but I prefer the path of tackling the most dangerous risks in a different way.

To start, I will propose a new fee on risk that would discourage the type of excessive leverage and short-term borrowing that could spark another crisis. We should also strengthen and enforce the Volcker Rule so banks can’t make risky and speculative trading bets with taxpayer-backed money. And if a bank suffers losses that threaten its overall financial health, senior managers should lose some or all of their bonus compensation. That will ensure that financial executives have skin in the game and a real incentive to avoid reckless risk-taking.

My plan would also give regulators the authority they need to reorganize, downsize or even break apart any financial institution that is too large and risky to be managed effectively. It is a comprehensive and flexible approach. It allows regulators to adapt to changing markets and help ensure that large financial firms never pose a danger to our entire economy.

We’ve learned the hard way that there’s no substitute for tough, empowered regulators with the resources and support to do their job. That’s why I’ve supported Wisconsin Senator Tammy Baldwin’s bill to restore trust in government and slow Wall Street’s revolving door. We need to find the best, most independent-minded people for these important regulatory jobs -- people who will put consumers and everyday investors ahead of the industries and institutions they’re supposed to oversee.

Third, we need a comprehensive strategy to reduce risk everywhere in the financial system. After all, many of the firms at the heart of the crash in 2008, like Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns and AIG, were not traditional banks. I’ll push for stronger oversight of the “shadow banking” sector, which includes certain activities of hedge funds, investment banks and other nonbank finance companies.

Fourth, we need to ensure that everyday investors and consumers can trust that our financial markets work for them -- and not just for insiders with the most sophisticated, specialized and fastest connections. That is why we should impose a tax on the high-frequency trading that makes our markets less stable and less fair. And we should reform the rules that govern our stock markets to ensure equal access to markets and information, increase transparency, and minimize conflicts of interest.

Finally, I will veto any legislation that would weaken Dodd-Frank. We can’t go back to the days when Wall Street could write its own rules. I believe we can defend Dodd-Frank while easing burdens on community banks so they are able to lend responsibly to the hardworking families and small businesses they know and trust. We also have to defeat Republican attempts to gut the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau -- an agency dedicated solely to protecting Americans from unfair and deceptive financial practices -- and to exploit the upcoming budget and debt-ceiling negotiations for rollbacks in financial reforms.

The bottom line is that we can never allow what happened in 2008 to happen again. Just as important, we have to encourage Wall Street to live up to its proper role in our economy -- helping Main Street grow and prosper. With strong rules of the road and smart incentives, the financial industry can help more young families buy that first home, make it possible for entrepreneurs to create new small businesses and support hardworking Americans saving for retirement. My plan will help us unlock that potential. We’ll create good-paying jobs, raise incomes and help families afford a middle-class life, with less speculation and more growth -- growth that’s strong, fair and long-term. That’s what I’m fighting for in my campaign, and that’s what I’ll do as president.

Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you very much, President Van Zant, and thanks to everyone at the New School for welcoming us today. I’m delighted to be back.

You know, over the past few months, I have had the opportunity to listen to Americans’ concerns about an economy that still isn’t delivering for them. It’s not delivering the way that it should. It still seems, to most Americans that I have spoken with, that it is stacked for those at the top.

But I’ve also heard about the hopes that people have for their future — going to college without drowning in debt; starting that small business they’ve always dreamed about; getting a job that pays well enough to support a family and provide for a secure retirement.

Previous generations of Americans built the greatest economy and strongest middle class the world has ever known on the promise of a basic bargain: if you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead. And when you get ahead, America gets ahead. But over the past several decades, that bargain has eroded. Our job is to make it strong again.

For 35 years, Republicans have argued that if we give more wealth to those at top by cutting their taxes and letting big corporations write their own rules, it will trickle down, it will trickle down to everyone else. Yet every time they have a chance to try that approach, it explodes the national debt, concentrates wealth even more and does practically nothing to help hard-working Americans.

Twice now in the past 20 years, a Democratic president has had to come in and clean up the mess left behind.

 

I think the results speak for themselves. Under President Clinton — I like the sound of that — America saw the longest peacetime expansion in our history.

 

Nearly 23 million jobs, a balanced budget and a surplus for the future, and most importantly, incomes rose across the board, not just for those already at the top. Eight years later, President Obama and the American people’s hard work pulled us back from the brink of depression. President Obama saved the auto industry, imposed new rules on Wall Street and provided health care to 16 million Americans.

 

Now today — today, as the shadow of crisis recedes and longer- term challenges come into focus, I believe we have to build a growth and fairness economy. You can’t have one without the other. We can’t create enough jobs and new businesses without more growth, and we can’t build strong families and support our consumer economy without more fairness. We need both.

Because while America standing again, we are not yet running the way we should. Corporate profits are at near record highs and Americans are working as hard as ever. But paychecks had nearly budged in real terms. Families today are stretched in so many directions, and so are their budgets. Out of pocket costs of health care, child care, hearing for aging parents, are rising a lot faster than wages.

I hear this everywhere I go. A single mom talked about juggling a job and classes at community college while raising three kids. She doesn’t expect anything to come easy. But if she got a raise, everything would not be quite so hard.

The grandmother who works around the clock providing child care to other people’s kids. She’s proud of her work, but the pay is fairly enough to live on, especially with the soaring price of her prescription drugs.

The young entrepreneur whose dream of buying a bowling alley where he worked as a teenager was nearly derailed by his student debt. If he can grow his business, he can pay off his debt and pay his employees, including himself, more, too.

Millions of hardworking Americans tell similar stories. Wages need to rise to keep up with cost, paychecks need to grow. Families who work hard and do their part deserve to get ahead and stay ahead. The defining economic challenge of our time clear. We must raise incomes for hard-working Americans, so they can afford a middle-class life. We must drive steady income growth that lifts up families, and lifts up our country. And that…

 

And that will be my mission, from the first day I am president to the last. I…

 

I will get up every day thinking about the families of America, like the family I came from, with a hard-working dad who started a small business and scrimped, and saved, and gave us a good middle- class life. I will be thinking about all the people that I represented in New York and the stories that they told me, and that I worked with them to improve. I will, as your president take on this challenge against the backdrop of major changes in our economy and the global economy that did not start with the Recession and will not end with the recovery.

You know, advances in technology and expanding global trade have created new areas of commercial activity and opened new markets for our exports. Too often they are polarizing our economy, benefiting high skilled workers, but displacing and downgrading blue-collar jobs and other mid-level jobs that used to provide solid incomes for millions of Americans.

Today’s marketplace focuses too much on the short-term, like second to second financial trading, and quarterly earnings reports, and too little on long-term investments. Meanwhile, many Americans are making extra money renting out a small room, designing websites, selling products they design themselves at home, or even driving their own car. This on-demand, or so-called gig economy is creating exciting economies and unleashing innovation.

But it is also raising hard questions about work-place protections and what a good job will look like in the future.

So, all of these trends are real and none, none is going away. But they do not determine our destiny. The choices we make as a nation matter. And the choices we make in the years ahead will set the stage for what American life in the middle class and our economy will be like in this century.

As president, I will work with every possible partner to turn the tide to make these currents of change start working for us more than against us, to strengthen, not hollow out, the American middle class. Because I think at our best, that’s what Americans do. We are problem solvers, not deniers. We don’t hide from change; we harness it.

The measure of our success must be how much incomes rise for hardworking families, not just for successful CEOs and money managers and not some just arbitrary growth targets untethered to people’s lives and livelihoods.

 

I want to see our economy work for the struggling, the striving and the successful. We’re not going to find all the answers we need today in the playbooks of the past, we can’t go back to the old policies that failed us before, nor can we just replay the successes.

Today is not 1993. It’s not 2009. So we need solutions for the big challenges we face now.

So today, I’m proposing an agenda to raise incomes for hardworking Americans, an agenda for strong growth, fair growth and long-term growth.

Let me begin with strong growth. More growth means more jobs and more new businesses. More jobs give people choices about where to work.

And employers have to offer higher wages and better benefits in order to compete with each other to hire new workers and keep the productive ones. That’s why economists tell us that getting closer to full employment is crucial for raising incomes.

Small businesses create more than 60 percent of new American jobs on net, so they have to be a top priority. I’ve said I want to be the small-business president, and I mean it. And throughout this campaign, I’m going to be talking about how we empower entrepreneurs with less red tape, easier access to capital, tax relief and simplification.

I’ll also push for broader business tax reform to spur investment in America, closing those loopholes that reward companies for sending jobs and profits overseas.

 

And I know it’s not always how we think about this, but another engine of strong growth should be comprehensive immigration reform.

 

I want you to hear this. Bringing millions of hardworking people into the formal economy would increase our gross domestic product by an estimated $700 billion over 10 years.

 

Then there are the new public investments that will help establish businesses and entrepreneurs, create the next generation of high-paying jobs.

You know, when we get Americans moving, we get our country moving. So let’s establish an infrastructure bank that can channel more public and private funds…

 

… channel those funds to finance world-class airports, railways, roads, bridges and ports.

 

And let’s built those faster broadband networks and make sure there’s a greater diversity of providers so consumers have more choice.

 

And really, there’s no excuse not to make greater investments in cleaner renewable energy right now.

 

Our economy obviously runs on energy, and the time has come to make America the clean-energy superpower. I advocate that because these investments will create millions of jobs, save us money in the long run and help us meet the threats of climate change.

And let’s fund the scientific and medical research that spawns innovative companies and creates entire new industries, just as the project to sequence the human genome did in the 1990s and President Obama’s initiatives on precision medicine and brain research will do in the coming years.

I will set ambitious goals in all of these areas in the months ahead.

But today, let me emphasize another key ingredient of strong growth that often goes overlooked and undervalued: breaking down barriers so more Americans participate more fully in the workforce, especially women.

 

We are in a global competition, as I’m sure you have noticed. And we cant afford to leave talent on the sidelines. But that’s exactly what we’re doing today. When we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.

The movement of women into the American workforce over the past 40 years was responsible for more than $3.5 trillion in economic growth. But that progress has stalled.

The United States used to rank 7th out of 24 advanced countries in women’s labor force participation. By 2013, we had dropped to 19th. That represents a lot of unused potential for our economy and for American families.

Studies show that nearly a third of this decline relative to other countries is because they’re expanding family-friendly policies like paid leave and we are not.

We should be making it easier for Americans to be both good workers and good parents and caregivers. Women who want to work should be able to do so without worrying every day about how they’re going to take care of their children or what will happen if a family member gets sick.

You know, last year –

 

– last year while I was at the hospital here in Manhattan, waiting for little Charlotte to make her grand entrance, one of the nurses said, thank you for fighting for paid leave. And we began to talk about it. She sees firsthand what it means for herself and her colleagues as well as for the working parents that she helps take care of.

It’s time to recognize that quality, affordable childcare is not a luxury. It’s a growth strategy. And it’s way past time to end the outrage of so many women still earning less than men on the job and women of color making even less.

 

You know, all this lost money adds up. And for some women, it’s thousands of dollars every year. Now I am well aware that for far too long these challenges have been dismissed by some as women’s issues. Well, those days are over.

 

Fair pay and fair scheduling, paid family leave and earned sick days, childcare are essential to our competitiveness and our growth. And we can do this in a way that doesn’t impose unfair burdens on businesses, especially small businesses. As president, I’ll fight to put families first, just like I have my entire career.

 

Now beyond strong growth, we also need fair growth and that will be the second key driver of raising incomes. The evidence is in. Inequality is a drag on our entire economy. So this is the problem we need to tackle. Now, you may have heard Governor Bush say Americans just need to work longer hours. Well, he must not have met very many American workers.

 

Let him tell that to the nurse who stands on her feet all day, or the teacher who in that classroom or the trucker who drives all night. Let him tell that to the fast worker marching in the streets for better pay. They do not need a lecture. They need a raise.

 

The truth is the current rules for our economy do reward some work, like financial trading, for example much more than other work, like actually building and selling things, the work that has always been the backbone of our economy. To get all incomes rising again, we need to strike a better balance. If you work hard, you ought to be a fairly. So, we do have to raise the minimum wage, and implement President Obama’s new rules on overtime, and then we have to go further.

 

I will crack down on bosses who exploit employees by mis- classifying them as contractors or even steal their wages. To make paychecks stretch, we need to take on the major strains on family budgets. I will protect the Affordable Care Act and build on it to lower out-of-pocket health care costs.

 

And to make prescription drugs more affordable. We will help families look forward to retirement by defending and enhancing Social Security and making it easier to save for the future. Now, many of these proposals are time-tested and more than a little battle scarred. We need new ideas, as well, and one I believe in and will fight for is profit-sharing. Hard-working Americans deserve to benefit from the record corporate earnings they help produce.

So, I will produce ways to encourage companies to share profits with their employees. That is good for workers and good businesses. Studies show that profit sharing that gives everyone a stake in the company’s success can boost productivity and put money directly into employees’ pockets. It’s a win-win. Later this week in New Hampshire, I will have more to say about how we do this.

Another priority must be reforming our tax code. Now, we hear Republican candidates talk a lot about tax reform. But take a good look at their plans. Senator Rubio’s would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.

Well, that is a sure budget busting giveaway to the super wealthy, and that’s the kind of bad economics you are likely to hear from any of the candidates on the other side. I have a different take…

 

… guided license principles. First, hard-working families need and deserve tax relief and simplification. Second, those at the top have to pay their fair share. That’s why I support the Buffet Rule, which makes sure millionaires do not pay lower rates than their secretaries. I have called for closing the carried interest loophole, that lets wealthy financiers pay an artificially low rate.

And let’s agree that hugely successful companies that benefit from everything that America has to offer, should not be able to game the system and avoid paying their fair share, especially while companies who can’t afford high-priced lawyers and lobbyists end up paying more.
 

Alongside tax reform, it’s time to stand up to efforts across our country to undermine worker bargaining power, which has been proven again and again to drive up wages. Republican governors like Scott Walker have made their names stomping on workers’ rights, and practically all the Republican candidates hope to do the same as president. I will fight back against these mean-spirited, misguided attacks. Evidence –

 

– evidence shows that the decline of unions may be responsible for a third of the increase of inequality among men, so if we want to get serious about raising incomes, we have to get serious about supporting union workers.

 

And let me just say a word here about trade. The Greek crisis as well as the Chinese stock market have reminded us that growth here at home and growth an ocean away are linked in a common global economy. Trade has been a major driver of the economy over recent decades, but it has also contributed to hollowing out our manufacturing base and many hard-working communities.

So we do need to set a high bar for trade agreements. We should support them if they create jobs, raise wages and advance our national security. And we should be prepared to walk away if they don’t. To create fair growth, we need to create opportunity for more Americans.

I love the saying by Abraham Lincoln who, in many ways, was not only the president who saved our union but the president who understood profoundly the importance of the middle class and the importance of government playing its role in providing opportunities. He talked about giving Americans a fair chance in the race of life. I believe that with all my heart, but I also believe it has to start really early, at birth.

High quality early learning, especially in the first five years, can set children on the course for future success and raise lifetime incomes by 25 percent. And –

 

– and I’m committed to seeing every 4-year-old in America have access to high quality pre-school in the next 10 years. But I want to do more. I want to call for a great outpouring of support from our faith community, our business community, our academic institutions, from philanthropy and civic groups and concerned citizens, to really help parents, particularly parents who are facing a lot of obstacles, to really help prepare their own children in that 0 to 4 age group.

Eighty percent of your brain is physically formed by the age of 3. That’s why families like mine read, talk and sing endlessly to our granddaughter. I’ve said that her first words are going to be enough with the reading and the talking and the singing.

(LAUGHTER)

But we do it not only because we love doing it, even though, I’ll admit, it’s embarrassing, you know, reading a book to a two-week-old or a six-week-old or a 10-week-old, but we do it because we understand it’s building her capacity for learning. And the research shows by the time she enters kindergarten, she will have heard 30 million more words than a child from a less advantaged background.

Think of what we are losing because we’re not doing everything we can to reach out to those families, and we know, again, from so much research here in the United States and around the world that that early help, that mentoring, that intervention to help those often stressed-out young moms understand more about what they can do and to avoid the difficulties that stand in the way of their being able to really get their child off to the best possible start.

We also have to invest in our students and our teachers at every level, and in the coming weeks and months, I will lay out specific steps to improve our schools, make college truly affordable and help Americans refinance their student debt.

And let’s embrace –

 

– let’s embrace the idea of lifelong learning. In an age of technological change, we need to provide pathways to get skills and credentials for new occupations and create online platforms to connect workers to jobs.

There are exciting efforts underway and I want to support and scale the ones that show results.

As we pursue all these policies, we cant forget our fellow Americans hit so hard and left behind by this changing world from the inner cities to coal country to Indian country.

Talent is universal; you find it everywhere. But opportunity is not. There are nearly 6 million young people aged 16 to 24 in America today who are not in school or at work. The numbers for young people of color are particularly staggering.

A quarter of young black men and nearly 15 percent of all Latino youth cannot find a job. We’ve got to do a better way of coming up to match the growing middle class incomes we want to generate with more pathways into the middle class.

I firmly believe that the best anti-poverty program is a job but that’s hard to say if there aren’t enough jobs for people that were trying to help lift themselves out of poverty.

That’s why Ive called for reviving the new markets tax credit and empowerment zones to create greater incentives to invest in poor and remote areas. When –

 

– when all Americans have the chance to study hard, work hard and share in our country’s prosperity, that’s fair growth. It’s what I’ve always believed in and it’s what I will fight for as president.

Now the third key driver of income, alongside strong growth and fair growth, must be long-term growth. Too many pressures in our economy push us toward short-termism. Many business leaders see this. They’ve talked to me about it.

One has called it the problem of quarterly capitalism. They say everything is focused on the next earnings report or the short-term share price and the result is too little attention on the sources of long-term growth: research and development, physical capital and talent.

Net business investment, which includes things like factories, machines and research labs, have declined as a share of the economy.

In recent years some of our biggest companies have spent more than half their earnings to buy back their own stock and another third or more to pay dividends. That doesn’t leave a lot left to raise pay or invest in the workers who made those profits possible or to make new investments necessary to ensure a company’s future success.

These trends need to change. And I believe many business leaders are eager to embrace their responsibilities, not just to today’s share price but also to workers, communities and ultimately to our country and, indeed, our planet.

Now I’m not talking about charity; I’m talking about clear-eyed capitalism. Many companies have prospered by improving wages and training their workers that then yield higher productivity, better service and larger profits.

Now it’s easy to try to cut costs by holding down or even decreasing pay and other investments to inflate quarterly stock prices but I would argue that’s bad for business in the long run and it’s really bad for our country.

Workers are assets. Investing in them pays off; higher wages pay off. Training pays off. To help more companies do that, I proposed a $1,500 tax credit for every worker they train and hire. And I will soon be proposing a new plan to reform capital gains taxes to reward longer-term investments that create jobs, more than just quick trades.

 

I will also propose reforms to help CEOs and shareholders alike to focus on the next decade rather than just the next day.

 

Making sure stock buybacks aren’t being used only for an immediate boost in share prices; empowering outside investors who want to build companies, but discouraging cut and run shareholders who act more like old-school corporate raiders. And nowhere will the shift from short-term to long-term be more important than on Wall Street.

As a former senator from New York, I know firsthand the role that Wall Street can and should play in our economy, helping main street grow and prosper, and boosting new companies that make America more competitive globally.

But as we all know in the years before the crash, financial firms piled risk upon risk, and regulators in Washington either could not or would not keep up. I was alarmed by this gathering storm and called for addressing the risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight.

Under President Obama’s leadership we have imposed tough new rules that deal with some of the challenges on Wall Street. Those rules have been under assault by Republicans in Congress and those running for president. I will fight back against these attacks and protect the reforms we have made. We can do that, and still ease burdens on community banks to encourage responsible loans to local people and businesses they know and trust.

We also have to go beyond Dodd-Frank. Too many of our major financial institutions are still too complex and too risky. And the problems are not limited to the big banks that get all the headlines. Serious risks are emerging from institutions in the so-called shadow banking system, including hedge funds, high-frequency traders, non- bank finance companies. So many new kinds of entities, which receive little oversight at all.

Stories of misconduct by individuals and institutions in the financial industry are shocking. HSBC allowing drug cartels to launder money, five major banks pleading guilty to felony charges for conspiring to manipulate currency exchange and interest rates. There can be no justification or tolerance for this kind of criminal behavior.

 

And while institutions have paid large fines and in some cases admitted guilt, too often it has seemed that the human beings responsible get off with limited consequences or none at all, even when they have already pocketed the gains. This is wrong, and on my watch it will change. Over the course…

 

… over the course of this campaign, I will offer plans to rein in excessive risks on Wall Street and ensure that stock markets work for everyday investors, not just high-frequency traders and those with the best or fastest connections. I will appoint and empower regulators who understand that too big to fail is still too big a problem. We will ensure…

 

We will ensure that no firm is too complex to manage or oversee. And we will also process individuals as well as firms when they commit fraud or other criminal wrongdoing.

 

When the government recovers money from corporations or individuals for harming the public, it should go into a separate trust fund to benefit the public. It could, for example, help modernize infrastructure or even be returned directly to taxpayers.

Now, reform is never easy, but we’ve done it before in our country, and we have to get it right this time. And yes, we need leadership from the financial industry and across the private sector to join with us.

Two years ago, the head of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Terry Duffy, published an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal that really caught my attention.

He wrote, and I quote, “I’m concerned that those of us in financial services have forgotten who they serve and that the public knows it. Some Wall Streeters can too easily slip into regarding their work as a kind of moneymaking game divorced from concerns of the Main Street,” unquote.

I think we should listen to Terry Duffy. Of course, long-term growth is only possible if the public sector steps up as well.

So it’s time to end the era of budget brinkmanship and stop careening from one self-inflicted crisis to another. It’s time to stop having debates over the small stuff and focus how we’re going to tackle the big stuff together.

How do we respond to technological change in a way that creates more good jobs than it displaces or destroys? Can we sustain a boom in advanced manufacturing? What are the best ways to nurture startups outside the successful corridors, like Silicon Valley?

Questions like these demand thoughtful and mature debate from our policymakers and government, from our leaders in the private sector, our economists, our academics, others who can come together to the table and on behalf of America perform their patriotic duty to make sure our economy keeps working and our middle class keeps growing.

 

So government has to be smarter, simpler, more focused itself on long-term investments than short-term politics and be a better partner to cities, states and the private sector. Washington has to be a better steward of America’s tax dollars and Americans’ trust. And please, let’s get back to making decisions that rely on evidence more than ideology.

 

That’s what I’ll do as president. I will seek out and welcome any good idea that is actually based on reality.

(LAUGHTER)

 

I want to have principled and pragmatic and progressive policies that really move us forward together, and I will propose ways to ensure that our fiscal outlook is sustainable, including by continuing to restrain health care costs, which remain one of the key drivers of long-term deficits.

I will make sure Washington learns from how well local governments, businesses and nonprofits are working together in successful cities and towns across America.

You know, passing legislation is not the only way to drive progress. As president, I will use the power to convene, connect and collaborate to build partnerships that actually get things done, because above all, we have to break out of the poisonous partisan gridlock and focus on the long-term needs of our country.

 

I confess, maybe it’s the grandmother in me, but I believe that part of public service is planting trees under whose shade you’ll never sit, and the vision I’ve laid out here today for strong growth, fair growth and long-term growth all working together will get incomes rising again, will help working families get ahead and stay ahead. That is the test of our time.

And I’m inviting everyone to please join me to do your part. That’s what great countries do. That’s what our country always has done. We rise to challenges. It’s not about left, right or center; it’s about the future versus the past.

I’m running for president to build an America for tomorrow, not yesterday, an America built on growth and fairness, an America where if you do your part, you will reap the rewards, where we don’t leave anyone behind.

 

Thank you all. Thank you. I just want to leave you with one more thought. I want every child, not just the granddaughter of a former president or former secretary of state, but every child to be able to reach for her God-given potential. Please join me in that mission — let’s do it together.

Thank you all so much.


Thank you.  Thank you all very much.  Thank you.  Thank you.

I’m delighted to be here at this great university, one of the premier public institutions of higher education in our entire country.  Yes, indeed.  Just, you know, one of those statements of fact that deserves a response.

I want to thank my longtime friend, Vice President Mondale, for his kind words.  His support in this campaign means a great deal to me personally, because I admire so much his service to our country.  He is a great Minnesotan and a great American, and we’re so privileged to have him with us today.

I also want to acknowledge a few of the other elected officials who are here.  I am, of course absolutely delighted to be joined by former colleagues and friends, your senators, Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, who are quite the dynamic duo for your state.  And I am grateful to them for everything they’re doing and for their help and support of my campaign.

I also want to thank Tina Smith, your lieutenant governor, and Steve Simon, your secretary of state.

And I understand that Betsy Hodges is here, Mayor of Minneapolis.

And I also want to acknowledge the dean of the Humphries School, Eric Schwartz.  Eric was my top advisor on refugee issues at the State Department.  I also had the great privilege of working with him when he was on the National Security Council during my husband’s administration.  You know, he brings a mix of expertise and empathy that has been conspicuously missing from much of our public debate.

And I am grateful he is here today, but I’m also a little jealous that all of you here at the university get to have the benefit of his experience.

You know, over the past several months, I have listened to the problems that keep American families up at night.  Now, most people don’t expect life to be easy, but they do want more security, a good-paying job that lets you afford a middle class lifestyle, health care you can count on, a little bit put away for your retirement.

Being secure also means being safe, safe at home, at school, at work.  And today, I want to talk about how we keep our country safe from a threat that’s on everyone’s minds, the threat of terrorism.

But I want to begin by saying, we cannot give in to fear.  We can’t let it stop us from doing what is right and necessary to make us safe, and doing it in way that is consistent with our values.

We cannot let fear push us into reckless actions that end up making us less safe.  Americans are going to have to act with both courage and clarity.

Now, as we all know, on December 2nd, two shooters killed 14 people at a holiday party in San Bernardino, California.

Sadly, in America in 2015, turning on the news and hearing about a mass shooting is not unusual.  But this one turned out to be different, because these killers were a husband and wife inspired by ISIS.

Americans have experienced terrorism before.  On 9/11, we learned that terrorists in Afghanistan could strike our homeland.  From Fort Hood to Chattanooga to the Boston Marathon, we saw people radicalized here carrying out deadly attacks.

But San Bernardino felt different.  Maybe it was the timing, coming so soon after Paris.  Maybe it was how random it seemed, a terrorist attack in a suburban office park, not a high-profile target or symbol of American power.  It made us all feel it could have been anywhere, at any time.

The phrase “active shooter” should not be one we have to teach our children.  But it is.

And now we are all grappling with what all this means for our future, for our safety, our sense of well-being, and our trust and connections with our neighbors.  We want to be open-hearted, and we want to celebrate America’s diversity, not fear it.

And while we know the overwhelming majority of people here and around the world hate ISIS and love peace, we do have to be prepared for more terrorists plotting attacks.

Just yesterday, a man in Maryland was charged with receiving thousands of dollars from ISIS for use in planning an attack.  And here in Minnesota, authorities have charged ten men with conspiring to provide material support to ISIS.

But in the Twin Cities, you have also seen firsthand how communities come together to resist radicalization:  local imams condemning terrorist violence, local artists and activists pushing back against terrorist propaganda.

I just met with a group of community leaders who told me about some of the work and the challenges that they are dealing with.

As the first Somali-American police sergeant in Minnesota, and probably in the country, said recently, “Safety is a shared responsibility, so we have to work together.”

The threat we face is daunting.  But America has overcome big challenges many times before.  Throughout our history, we’ve stared into the face of evil and refused to blink.  We beat Fascism, won the Cold War, brought Osama bin Laden to justice.

So no one should ever underestimate the determination of the American people.  And I am confident we will once again choose resolve over fear.  And we will defeat these new enemies, just as we’ve defeated those who’ve threatened us in the past.

Because it is not enough to contain ISIS, we must defeat ISIS, break its momentum and then its back.  And not just ISIS, but the broader radical jihadist movement that also includes al Qaeda and offshoots like al Shabaab in Somalia.

Now, waging and winning this fight will require serious leadership.  But unfortunately, our political debate has been anything but serious.

We can’t afford another major ground war in the Middle East.  That’s exactly what ISIS wants from us.  Shallow slogans don’t add up to a strategy.  Promising to carpet bomb until the desert glows doesn’t make you sound strong, it makes you sound like you’re in over your head.  Bluster and bigotry are not credentials for becoming Commander-in-Chief.

And it is hard to take seriously senators who talk tough but then hold up key national security nominations, including the top official at the Treasury Department responsible for disrupting terrorist financing.

Every day that’s wasted on partisan gridlock could put Americans in danger.  So, yes, we need a serious discussion.  And that’s why in a speech last month before the Council on Foreign Relations I laid out a three-part plan to defeat ISIS and the broader extremist movement.

One, defeat ISIS in the Middle East by smashing its stronghold, hitting its fighters, leaders, and infrastructure from the air, and intensifying support for local forces who can pursue them on the ground.

Second, defeat them around the world by dismantling the global network of terror that supplies radical jihadists with money, arms, propaganda, and fighters.

And third, defeat them here at home by foiling plots, disrupting radicalization, and hardening our defenses.

Now, these three lines of effort reinforce one another.  So we need to pursue all of them at once, using every pillar of American power.

It will require skillful diplomacy to continue Secretary Kerry’s efforts to encourage political reconciliation in Iraq and political transition in Syria, enabling more Sunni Arabs and Kurdish fighters to take on ISIS on both sides of the border, and to get our Arab and Turkish partners to actually step up and do their part.

It will require more U.S. and allied airpower, and a broader target set for strikes by planes and drones, with proper safeguards.

It will require Special Operations units to advise and train local forces and conduct key counterterrorism missions.

What it will not require is tens of thousands of American combat troops.  That is not the right action for us to take in this situation.

So there is a lot to do, and today, I want to focus on the third part of my plan, how we defend our country and prevent radicalization here at home.

We need a comprehensive strategy to counter each step in the process that can lead to an attack like the one in San Bernardino.

First, we have to shut down ISIS recruitment in the United States, especially online.

Second, stop would-be jihadists from getting training overseas, and stop foreign terrorists from coming here.

Third, discover and disrupt plots before they can be carried out.

Fourth, support law enforcement officers who risk their lives to prevent and respond to attacks.

And fifth, empower our Muslim-American communities, who are on the front-lines of the fight against radicalization.

This is a 360-degree strategy to keep America safe, and I want to walk through each of the elements, from recruitment to training to planning to execution.

First, shutting down recruitment.  We have to stop jihadists from radicalizing new recruits in-person and through social media, chat rooms, and what’s called the “Dark Web.”

To do that, we need stronger relationships between Washington, Silicon Valley, and all of our great tech companies and entrepreneurs.  American innovation is a powerful force, and we have to put it to work defeating ISIS.

That starts with understanding where and how recruitment happens.  Our security professionals need to more effectively track and analyze ISIS’s social media posts and map jihadist networks, and they need help from the tech community.

Companies should redouble their efforts to maintain and enforce their own service agreements and other necessary policies to police their networks, identifying extremist content and removing it.

Now, many are already doing this, and sharing those best practices more widely is important.

At the State Department, I started an interagency center to combat violent jihadist messages, to have a better way to communicate on behalf of our values, and to give young people drawn to those messages an alternative narrative.

We recruited specialists fluent in Arabic, Urdu, and Somali to wage online battles with extremists to counter their propaganda.

Now, those efforts have not kept pace with the threat, so we need to step up our game, in partnership with the private sector and credible moderate voices outside government.

But that’s just some of what we have to do.  Experts from the FBI, the intelligence community, Homeland Security, DOD, the State Department, and the technology industry should work together to develop a unified national strategy to defeat ISIS in cyberspace, using all of our capabilities to deny jihadists virtual territory, just as we work to deny them actual territory.

And at the same time, we also have to do more to address the challenge of radicalization, whatever form it takes.

It’s imperative that the Saudis, the Qataris, the Kuwaitis and others stop their citizens from supporting radical schools, madrassas and mosques around the world, once and for all, and that should be the top priority in all of our discussions with these countries.

Now, second, we have to prevent ISIS recruits from training abroad, and prevent foreign jihadists from coming here.

Most urgent is stemming the flow of fighters from Europe and America to Iraq and Syria, and then back home again.

The United States and our allies need to know the identities of every fighter who makes that trip, and then share information with each other in real time.

Right now, European nations don’t always alert each other when they turn away a suspected extremist at the border or when a passport is stolen.  They have to dramatically improve intelligence sharing and counterterrorism cooperation.  And we’re ready to help them do that.

We also need to take down the network of enablers who help jihadists finance and facilitate their travel, forge documents, and evade detection.  And the United States and our allies should commit to revoke the passports and visas of jihadists who have gone to join ISIS or other groups, and bring the full force of law against them.

As I’ve said before, the United States has to take a close look at our visa programs.  And I am glad the administration and Congress are stepping up scrutiny in the wake of San Bernardino.  And that should include scrutinizing applicants’ social media postings.  We also should dispatch more Homeland Security agents to high-risk countries to better investigate visa applicants.

For many years, America has waived visa requirements for travelers from countries with reliable security procedures, including key allies in Europe and Asia.  That makes sense.  But we also have to be smart.  Except for limited exceptions like diplomats and aid workers, anyone who has traveled in the past five years to a country facing serious problems with terrorism and foreign fighters should have to go through a full visa investigation, no matter where they’re from.

We also have to be vigilant in screening and vetting refugees from Syria, guided by the best judgment of our security and diplomatic professionals.  Rigorous vetting already takes place while these refugees are still overseas, and it’s a process that historically takes 18 to 24 months.

But Congress needs to provide enough resources to ensure we have sufficient personnel deployed to run the most thorough possible process.

And just as important, we cannot allow terrorists to intimidate us into abandoning our values and our humanitarian obligations.

Turning away orphans, applying a religious test that discriminates against Muslims, slamming the door on every single Syrian refugee; that is not who we are.  We are better than that.

It would be a cruel irony indeed if ISIS can force families from their homes and then also prevent them from finding new ones.  So after rigorous screening, we should welcome families fleeing Syria just as the Twin Cities and this state have welcomed previous generations of refugees, exiles, and immigrants.

Of course, the key is to prevent terrorists also from exploiting our compassion and endangering our security.  But we can do this.  And I think we must.

Third, we have to discover and disrupt jihadist plots before they can be carried out.  This is going to take better intelligence collection, analysis, and sharing.  I’ve proposed an “intelligence surge” against ISIS that includes more operations officers and linguists, enhancing our technical surveillance of overseas targets, intercepting terrorist communications, flying more reconnaissance missions to track terrorists’ movements, and developing even closer partnerships with other intelligence services.

President Obama recently signed the USA Freedom Act, which was passed by a bipartisan majority in Congress.  It protects civil liberties while maintaining capabilities that our intelligence and law enforcement agencies need to keep us safe.  However, the new law is now under attack from presidential candidates on the left and right.  Some would strip away crucial counterterrorism tools, even with appropriate judicial and congressional oversight.  Others seem eager to go back to discredited practices of the past.

I don’t think we can afford to let either view prevail.  Now, encryption of mobile devices and communications does present a particularly tough problem with important implications for security and civil liberties.  Law enforcement and counterterrorism professionals warn that impenetrable encryption may make it harder for them to investigate plots and prevent future attacks.  On the other hand, there are very legitimate worries about privacy, network security, and creating new vulnerabilities that bad actors can exploit.

I know there’s no magic fix to this dilemma that will satisfy all these concerns.  But we can’t just throw up our hands.  The tech community and the government have to stop seeing each other as adversaries and start working together to keep us safe from terrorists.   And even as we make sure law enforcement officials get the tools they need to prevent attacks, it’s essential that we also make sure jihadists don’t get the tools they need to carry out attacks.

It defies common sense that Republicans in Congress refuse to make it harder for potential terrorists to buy guns.  If you’re too dangerous to fly, you’re too dangerous to buy a gun, period.   And we should insist on comprehensive background checks and close loopholes that allow potential terrorists to buy weapons online or at gun shows.  And I think it’s time to restore the ban on assault weapons and high capacity magazines.

I know this will drive some of our Republican friends a little crazy.  You’ll probably hear it tonight.  They will say that guns are a totally separate issue, nothing to do with terrorism.  Well, I have news for them, terrorists use guns to kill Americans.  And I think we should make it a lot harder for them from to do that ever again.

And there’s a question, a question they should be asked:  Why don’t the Republican candidates want to do that?   You see, I have this old fashioned idea that we elect a President in part, in large part, to keep us safe, from terrorists, from gun violence, from whatever threatens our families and communities.  And I’m not going to let the gun lobby or anyone else tell me that’s not the right path for us to go down.

Now, the fourth element in my strategy is supporting law enforcement officers who risk their lives to prevent and respond to terrorist attacks.

In San Bernardino, city, county, state, and federal authorities acted with speed and courage to prevent even more loss of life.  Like Detective Jorge Lozano, a 15-year police veteran, who assured terrified civilians, “I’ll take a bullet before you do.”  There is no limit to the gratitude we owe to law enforcement professionals like that Detective Lozano who run toward danger to try to save lives.  And not just in the immediate wake of an attack.  Our police, firefighters, and emergency responders will keep putting their lives on the line long after the cameras move on.

It’s disgraceful that Congress has thus far failed to keep faith with first responders suffering from the lasting health effects of 9/11.  Many of them were men and women I was so proud to represent as a Senator from New York.  The Zadroga 9/11 Health Act never should have been allowed to lapse.  It looks like Majority Leader Mitch McConnell may have finally dropped his opposition.  And I hope the American people will hold him to that.  And we will continue to honor the service and sacrifice of those who responded to the worst terrorist attack in our history.

We have to make sure that local law enforcement has the resources and training they need to keep us safe.  And they should be more closely synced up with national counterterrorism experts, including with better use of “fusion centers” that serve as clearinghouses for intelligence and coordination.

And we need to strengthen our defenses and our resilience wherever we’re vulnerable, whether it’s “soft targets” like shopping malls or higher-profile targets like airports, railways, or power plants.  We have to build on the progress of the Obama Administration in locking down loose nuclear materials, and other WMD, so they never fall into the hands of terrorists who seek them actively around the world.

So we should be providing the Department of Homeland Security with the resources it needs to stay one step ahead, not trying to privatize key functions, like TSA, as some Republicans have proposed.

And it’s important for us to recognize that when we talk about law enforcement, we have made progress in being sure that our federal authorities share information with our state and local authorities, but that was an issue I tackled after 9/11, and we have to stay really vigilant so that information is in the hands where it needs to be.

Finally, the fifth element in the strategy is empowering Muslim-American communities who are on the front-lines of the fight against radicalization.  There are millions of peace-loving Muslims living, working, raising families, and paying taxes in our country.  These Americans may be our first, last, and best defense against home grown radicalization and terrorism.  They are the most likely to recognize the insidious effects of radicalization before it’s too late, intervene to help set a young person straight.  They are the best positioned to block anything going forward.

That’s why law enforcement has worked so hard since 9/11 to build up trust and strong relationships within Muslim-American communities.  Here in the Twin Cities, you have an innovative partnership that brings together parents, teachers, imams, and others in the Somali-American community with law enforcement, non-profits, local businesses, mental health professionals and others to intervene with young people who are at risk.

It’s called the Building Community Resilience Pilot Program, and it deserves increased support.  It has not gotten the financial resources that it needs to do everything the people involved in it know they can do.  And we’ve got to do a better job of supporting it.

Now I know that like many places across the country, there’s more work to do to increase trust between communities and law enforcement.  Just last month, I know here a young African American man was fatally shot by a police officer.  And I understand an investigation is underway.  Whatever the outcome, tragedies like this raise hard questions about racial justice in America and put at risk efforts to build the community relationships that help keep us safe from crime and from terrorism.

When people see that respect and trust are two-way streets, they’re more likely to work hand-in-hand with law enforcement.  One of the mothers of the 10 men recently charged with conspiring with terrorists said, “We have to stop the denial,” she told other parents that.  “We have to talk to our kids and work with the FBI.”  That’s a message we need to hear from leaders within Muslim-American communities across our country.

But we also want to highlight the successes in Muslim American communities, and there are so many of them.  I just met with the first Somali-American council member of the City Council here.  And he was proudly telling me how much change Somali immigrants, now Muslim-Americans have made in parts of the city and neighborhoods that had been pretty much hollowed out.  Let’s look at the successes.

If we’re going to full integrate everyone into America, then we need to be seeing all their contributions, too.  And that is one of the many reasons why we must all stand up against offensive, inflammatory, hateful, anti-Muslim rhetoric.  You know, not only do these comments cut against everything we stand for as Americans, they are also dangerous.

As the Director of the FBI told Congress recently, anything that erodes trust with Muslim-Americans makes the job of law enforcement more difficult.  We need every community invested in this fight, not alienated and sitting on the sidelines.

One of the community leaders I met with told me that a lot of the children in the community are now afraid to go to school.  They’re not only afraid of being perceived as a threat, they are afraid of being threatened because of who they are.  This is such a open-hearted and generous community, I hope there will be even more efforts perhaps under the aegis of the university and certainly Governor Dayton and others, to bring people together to reassure members of the community, particularly children and teenagers that they are welcome, invited and valued here in this city and state.

Now Donald Trump’s proposal to ban all Muslims from entering the United States has rightly sparked outrage across our country and around the world.  Even some of the other Republican candidates are saying he’s gone too far.  But the truth is, many of those same candidates have also said disgraceful things about Muslims.  And this kind of divisive rhetoric actually plays into the hands of terrorists.  It alienates partners and undermines moderates we need around the world in the fight against ISIS.

You know, you hear a lot of talk from some of the other candidates about coalitions.  Everyone seems to want one.  But there’s not nearly as much talk about what it actually takes to build a coalition and make it work.  I know how hard this is because I’ve done it.  And I can tell you, insulting potential allies doesn’t make it any easier.

And demonizing Muslims also feeds a narrative that jihadists use to recruit new followers around the world, that the United States is at war with Islam.  As both the Pentagon and the FBI have said in the past week, we cannot in any way lend credence to that twisted idea.  This is not a clash of civilizations.  It’s a clash between civilization and barbarism and that’s how it must be seen and fought.

Some will tell you that our open society is a vulnerability in the struggle against terrorism.  I disagree.  I believe our tolerance and diversity are at the core of our strength.  At a Naturalization ceremony for new citizens today in Washington, President Obama noted the tension throughout our history between welcoming or rejecting the stranger.  It is, he said, about the meaning of America, what kind of country do we want to be?  And it’s about the capacity of each generation to honor the creed as old as our founding, E Pluribus Unum.  Out of many we are one.

President Obama is right, and it matters.  It’s no coincidence that American Muslims have long been better integrated and less susceptible to radicalization than Muslims in less welcoming countries.  We can’t give in to demagogues who play on our basest instincts.  We must instead rely on the principles written into our American DNA.  Freedom.  Equality.  Opportunity.

America is strongest when all our people believe they have a stake in our country and our future, no matter where they’re from, what they look like, how they worship, or who they love.  Our country was founded by people fleeing religious persecution.  As George Washington put it, the United States gives “to bigotry no sanction, to persecution no assistance.”  So to all our Muslim-American brothers and sisters, this is your country too.  And I am proud to be your fellow American.

And I want to remind us, particularly our Republican friends, that George W. Bush was right.  Six days after 9/11 he went to a Muslim community center and here’s what he said, those who feel like they can intimidate our fellow citizens to take their anger don’t represent the best of America, they represent the worst of human kind, and they should be ashamed of that kind of behavior.

So if you want to see the best of America, you need look no further than Army Captain Humayun Khan.  He was born in the United Arab Emirates.  He moved to Maryland as a small child, and later graduated from the University of Virginia, before enlisting in the U.S. Army.

In June 2004, he was serving in Iraq.  One day, while his infantry unit was guarding the gates of their base, a suspicious vehicle appeared.  Captain Khan told his troops to get back, but he went forward.  He took ten steps toward the car before it exploded.  Captain Khan was killed, but his unit was saved by his courageous acts.  Captain Khan was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart.  He was just 27 years old.

“We still wonder what made him take those 10 steps,” Khan’s father said in a recent interview.

“Maybe that’s the point,” he went on, “where all the values, all the service to country, all the things he learned in this country kicked in.  It was those values that made him take those 10 steps.  Those 10 steps told us we did not make a mistake in moving to this country,” his father finished.

As hard as this is, it’s time to move from fear to resolve.  It’s time to stand up and say,

“We are Americans.”  We are the greatest nation on earth not in spite of the challenges we’ve faced, but because of them.  Americans will not buckle or break.  We will not turn on each other or turn on our principles.  We will pursue our enemies with unyielding power and purpose.  We will crush their would-be caliphate and counter radical jihadism wherever it takes root.  We’re in it for the long haul.  And we’ll stand taller and stronger than they can possibly imagine.

That’s what we do here.  It’s who we are.  That’s how we’ll win, by looking at one another with respect, with concern, with commitment.  That’s the America that I know makes us all so proud to be a part of.

Thank you all very much.

“Thank you to Richard and thanks for the great work that the council does under your leadership. It truly is an important resource for us all. Fareed, I look forward to having the conversation with you, everyone here at the Council, and Mr. Mayor, thank you very much for being here and for everything you are doing and will do to keep our city safe and strong. I am very grateful

I wanted to come here, to our city, which has shown such resilience in the face of terrorism, to talk about the events of the past week and the work we must do together to protect our country and our friends.

When the United States was hit on 9/11, our allies treated that attack against one as an attack against all.  Now it is our turn to stand in solidarity with France and all of our friends. We cherish the same values, we face the same adversaries, we must share the same determination.

After a major terrorist attack, every society faces a choice between fear and resolve. The world’s great democracies can’t sacrifice our values or turn our backs on those in need. Therefore, we must choose resolve. And we must lead the world to meet this threat.

Now, let us be clear about what we are facing.

Beyond Paris, in recent days, we have seen deadly terrorist attacks in Nigeria, Lebanon, Iraq, and Turkey. And a Russian civilian airliner destroyed over the Sinai.

At the heart of today’s new landscape of terror is ISIS. They persecute religious and ethnic minorities, kidnap and behead civilians, murder children. They systematically enslave, torture, and rape women and girls.

ISIS operates across three mutually reinforcing dimensions: a physical enclave in Iraq and Syria,

an international terrorist network that includes affiliates across the region and beyond, and an ideological movement of radical jihadism. We have to target and defeat all three.

And time is of the essence. ISIS is demonstrating new ambition, reach, and capabilities. We have to break the group’s momentum and then its back. Our goal is not to deter or contain ISIS, but to defeat and destroy ISIS.

But we have learned that we can score victories over terrorist leaders and networks only to face metastasizing threats down the road. So we also have to play and win the long game.

We should pursue a comprehensive counterterrorism strategy – one that embeds our mission against ISIS within a broader struggle against radical jihadism that is bigger than any one group, whether it’s al Qaeda or ISIS or some other network. An immediate war against an urgent enemy and a generational struggle against an ideology with deep roots will not be easily be torn out.It will require sustained commitment and every pillar of American power. This is a worldwide fight – and America must lead it.

Our strategy should have three main elements. One, defeat ISIS in Syria, Iraq, and across the Middle East. Two, disrupt and dismantle the growing terrorist infrastructure that facilitates the flow of fighters, financing, arms, and propaganda around the world. Three, harden our defenses and those of our allies against external and homegrown threats.

Let me start with the campaign to defeat ISIS across the region. The United States and our international coalition have been conducting this fight for more than a year. It is time to begin a new phase and intensify and broaden our efforts to smash the would-be caliphate and deny ISIS control of territory in Iraq and Syria. That starts with a more effective coalition air campaign, with more allied planes, more strikes, and a broader target set. A key obstacle standing in the way is a shortage of good intelligence about ISIS and its operations.

So we need an immediate “intelligence surge” in the region, including technical assets, Arabic speakers with deep expertise in the Middle East, and even closer partnership with regional intelligence services. Our goal should be to achieve the kind of penetration we accomplished with al Qaeda in the past.  This would help us identify and eliminate ISIS’s command and control and its economic lifelines. A more effective coalition air campaign is necessary, but not sufficient. And we should be honest about the fact that, to be successful, air strikes will have to be combined with ground forces actually taking back more territory from ISIS.

Like President Obama, I do not believe that we should again have a hundred thousand American troops in combat in the Middle East. That is just not the smart move to make here. If we have learned anything from 15 years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan, it is that local people and nations have to secure their own communities. We can help them and we should, but we cannot substitute for them.

But we can and should support local and regional ground forces in carrying out this mission. Now, the obstacles to achieving this are significant.

On the Iraqi side of the border, Kurdish forces have fought bravely to defend their own lands and to retake towns from ISIS. But the Iraqi national army has struggled. It is going to take more work to get it up to fighting shape. As part of that process, we may have to give our own troops advising and training the Iraqis greater freedom of movement and flexibility, including embedding in local units and helping target airstrikes.

Ultimately, however, the ground campaign in Iraq will only succeed if more Iraqi Sunnis join the fight. But that will not happen so long as they do not feel they have a stake in their country or confidence in their own security and capacity to confront ISIS.

Now, we have been in a similar place before in Iraq. In the first Sunni Awakening in 2007, we were able to provide sufficient support and assurances to the Sunni tribes to persuade them to join us in rooting out Al Qaeda. Unfortunately, under Prime Minister Maliki’s rule, those tribes were betrayed and forgotten. So the task of bringing Sunnis off the sidelines into this new fight will be considerably more difficult. But nonetheless we need to lay the foundation for a second Sunni Awakening.

We need to put sustained pressure on the government in Baghdad to get its political house in order, move forward with national reconciliation, and finally stand up a National Guard. Baghdad needs to accept – even embrace – arming Sunni and Kurdish forces in the war against ISIS. But if Baghdad will not do that, the coalition should do so, directly.

On the Syrian side, the big obstacle to getting more ground forces to engage ISIS – beyond the Syrian Kurds who are already deep in the fight – is that the viable Sunni opposition groups remain understandably preoccupied with fighting Assad, who let us remember has killed many more Syrians than the terrorists have. But they are increasingly seeing the threat from ISIS as well.

So we need to move simultaneously toward a political solution to the civil war that paves the way for a new government with new leadership, and to encourage more Syrians to take on ISIS as well.  To support them, we should immediately deploy the Special Operations force President Obama has already authorized and be prepared to deploy more, as more Syrians get into the fight. And we should retool and ramp up our efforts to support and equip viable Syrian opposition units.

Our increased support should go hand-in-hand with increased support from our Arab and European partners, including special forces who can contribute to the fight on the ground. We should also work with the coalition and the neighbors to impose no fly zones that will stop Assad from slaughtering civilians and the opposition from the air. Opposition forces on the ground, with material support from the coalition, could then help create safe areas where Syrians could remain in the country rather than fleeing toward Europe. This combined approach would help enable the opposition to retake the remaining stretch of the Turkish border from ISIS, choking off its supply lines. It would also give us new leverage in the diplomatic process that Secretary Kerry is pursuing.

Of course, we have been down plenty of diplomatic dead-ends before in this conflict.  But we have models for how seemingly intractable, multi-sectarian civil wars do eventually end. We can learn lessons from Lebanon and Bosnia about what it will take. And Russia and Iran have to face the fact that continuing to prop up a vicious dictator will not bring stability. Right now, I am afraid President Putin is actually making things somewhat worse.

Now to be clear though, there is a role for Russia to help for resolving the conflict in Syria. And we have indicated a willingness to work with them toward an outcome that preserves Syria as a unitary, non-sectarian state, with protections of the rights of all Syrians and to keep key state institutions in tact. There is no alternative to a political transition that allows Syrians to end Assad’s rule. Now, much of this strategy on both sides of the border hinges on the roles of our Arab and Turkish partners. And we must get them to carry their share of the burden, with military, intelligence, and financial contributions, as well as using their influence with fighters and tribes in Iraq and Syria.

Countries like Jordan have offered more, and we should take them up on it.  Because ultimately, our efforts will only succeed if the Arabs and Turks step up in a much bigger way. This is their fight and they need to act like it.So far, however, Turkey has been more focused on the Kurds than on countering ISIS. And to be fair, Turkey has a long and painful history with Kurdish terrorist groups. But the threat from ISIS cannot wait.

As difficult as it may be, we need to get Turkey to stop bombing Kurdish fighters in Syria who are battling ISIS and become a full partner our coalition efforts against ISIS. The United States should also work with our Arab partners to get them more invested in the fight against ISIS.

At the moment, they are focused in other areas, because of their concerns in the region, especially the threat from Iran. That is why the Saudis, for example, shifted attention from Syria to Yemen. So we have to work out a common approach.

In September, I laid out a comprehensive plan to counter Iranian influence across the region and its support for terrorist proxies such as Hezbollah and Hamas. We cannot view Iran and ISIS as separate challenges.  Regional politics are too interwoven. Raising the confidence of our Arab partners and raising the costs to Iran for bad behavior will contribute to a more effective fight against ISIS.

And as we work out a broader regional approach, we should of course be closely consulting with Israel, our strongest ally in the Middle East. Israel increasingly shares with our Arab partners and has the opportunity to do more in intelligence and in joint efforts as well.

We should have no illusions about how difficult the mission before us really is. We have to fit a lot of pieces together, bring a lot of partners along, move on multiple fronts at once.  But if we press forward on both sides of the border, in the air and on the ground, as well as diplomatically, I do believe we can crush ISIS’s enclave of terror.

And to support this campaign, Congress should swiftly pass an updated authorization to use military force. That will send a message to friend and foe alike that the United States is committed to this fight. The time for delay is over.  We should get this done.

Now, the second element of our strategy looks beyond the immediate battlefield of Iraq and Syria to disrupt and dismantle global terrorist infrastructure on the ground and online. A terror pipeline that facilitates the flow of fighters, financing, arms, and propaganda around the world, has allowed ISIS to strike at the heart of Paris last week, and allowed al Qaeda affiliate to do the same at Charlie Hebdo earlier this year.

ISIS is working hard to extend its reach, establishing affiliates and cells far from its home base.   And despite significant setbacks it has encountered, not just with ISIS and its ambitious plans but even al Qaeda, including the death of Osama bin Laden. They are still posing rape threats to so many. Let’s take one example. We have had a lot of conversation about ISIS in the last week. Let’s not forget al Qaeda. They still have the most sophisticated bomb-makers, ambitious plotters, and active affiliates in places like Yemen and North Africa.

So we can’t just focus on Iraq and Syria – we need to intensify our counterterrorism efforts across a wider scope. Most urgent is stopping the flow of foreign fighters to and from the war zones of the Middle East. Thousands, thousands, of young recruits have flocked to Syria from France, Germany, Belgium, the United Kingdom, and yes, even the United States. Their western passports make it easier for them to cross borders and eventually return home, radicalized and battle-hardened.

Stemming this tide will require much better coordination and information sharing among countries every step of the way. We should not stop pressing until Turkey, where most foreign fighters cross into Syria, finally locks down its border.  The United States and our allies need to know and share the identities of every fighter who has traveled to Syria.

We also have to be smart and target interventions that will have the greatest impact. For example, we need a greater focus on shutting down key enablers who arrange transportation, documents, and more. When it comes to terrorist financing, we have to go after the nodes that facilitate illicit trade and transactions.

The UN Security Council should update its terrorism sanctions. They have a resolution that does try to block terrorist financing and other enabling activities but we have to place more obligation on countries to police their own banks. And the United States, which has quite a record of success in this area, can share more intelligence to help other countries.

And, once and for all, the Saudis, the Qataris, and others need to stop their citizens from directly funding extremist organizations, as well as schools and mosques around the world that have set too many young people on a path toward radicalization. When it comes to blocking terrorist recruitment, we have to identify the hotspots – the specific neighborhoods and villages, the prisons and schools – where recruitment happens in clusters. Like the neighborhood in Brussels where the Paris attacks were planned. Through partnerships with local law enforcement and civil society – especially Muslim community leaders – we have to work to tip the balance away from extremism in these hotspots.

Radicalization and recruitment also is happening online. And there is no doubt we have to do a better job contesting online space, including websites and chat rooms where jihadists communicate with followers. We must deny them virtual territory, just as we deny them actual territory.

At the State Department, I built up a unit of communications specialists fluent in Urdu, Arabic, Somali, and other languages to do battle with extremists online. We need more of that, including from the private sector.

Social media companies can also do their part by swiftly shutting down terrorist accounts so they are not used to plan, provoke, or celebrate violence.

Online or offline, the bottom line is that we are in a contest of ideas against an ideology of hate – and we have to win it.

Now, let’s be clear though: Islam itself is not our adversary. Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism.

The obsession in some quarters with a “clash of civilizations” or repeating the specific words “Radical Islamic Terrorism” is not just a distraction, it gives these criminals, these murderers, more standing than they deserve and it actually plays into their hands by alienating partners we need by our side. Our priority should be how to fight the enemy.

In the end, it didn’t matter what kind of terrorist we called Bin Laden, it mattered that we killed Bin Laden. But we still can’t close our eyes to the fact that there is a distorted and dangerous strain of extremism within the Muslim world that continues to spread. Its adherents are relatively few in number, but capable of causing profound damage – most especially to their own communities throughout an arc of instability that stretches from North and West Africa to Asia.

Overlapping conflicts, collapsing state structures, widespread corruption, poverty, and repression have created openings for extremists to exploit. Before the Arab Spring, I warned that the region’s foundations would “sink into the sand” without immediate reforms. Well, the need has only grown more urgent.

We have to join with our partners to do the patient, steady work of empowering moderates and marginalizing extremists: supporting democratic institutions and the rule of law, creating economic growth that supports stability, working to curb corruption, helping train effective and accountable local intelligence, law enforcement, and counterterrorism services.

As we do this, we must be building up a global counterterrorism infrastructure that is more effective and adaptable than the terror networks we’re trying to defeat. When I became Secretary of State, I was surprised to find that nearly a decade after 9/11, there was still no dedicated international vehicle to regularly convene key countries to deal with terrorist threats.

So we created the Global Counterterrorism Forum, which now brings together nearly 30 countries, many from the Muslim world. It should be a clearinghouse for directing assistance to countries that need it, for mobilizing common action against threats.

And let’s not lose sight of the global cooperation needed to lock down loose nuclear material, and chemical and biological weapons – and keep them out of the hands of terrorists.

At the end of the day, we still must be prepared to go after terrorists wherever they plot, using all the tools at our disposal. That includes targeted strikes by U.S. military aircraft and drones, with proper safeguards, when there aren’t any other viable options to deal with continuing imminent threats. All of this – stopping foreign fighters, blocking terrorist financing, doing battle in cyberspace – is vital to the war against ISIS, but it is also lays the foundation for defusing and defeating the next threat and the one after that.

Now the third element of our strategy has to be hardening our defenses at home and helping our partners do the same against both external and homegrown threats.

After 9/11, the United States made a lot of progress breaking down bureaucratic barriers to allow for more and better information sharing among agencies responsible for keeping us safe.

We still have work to do on this front, but by comparison, Europe is way behind.

Today, European nations do not even always alert each other when they turn away a suspected jihadist at the border or when a passport is stolen. It seems like after most terrorist attacks, we find out that the perpetrators were known to some security service or another, but too often the dots never get connected. I appreciate how hard this is, especially given the sheer number of suspects and threats, but this has to change. The United States must work with Europe to dramatically and immediately improve intelligence sharing and counterterrorism coordination.

European countries also should have the flexibility to enhance their border controls when circumstances warrant. And here at home, we face a number of our own challenges.

The threat to airline security is evolving as terrorists develop new devices like non-metallic bombs, so our defenses have to stay, at least, one step ahead. We know that intelligence gathered and shared by local law enforcement officers is absolutely critical to breaking up plots and preventing attacks. So they need all the resources and support we can give them.

Law enforcement also needs the trust of residents and communities, including in our own country Muslim-Americans. This should go without saying, but in the current climate it bears repeating: Muslim Americans are working every day on the frontlines of the fight against radicalization.

Another challenge is how to strike the right balance of protecting privacy and security. Encryption of mobile communications presents a particularly tough problem. We should take the concerns of law enforcement and counterterrorism professionals seriously. They have warned that impenetrable encryption may prevent them from accessing terrorist communications and preventing a future attack.

On the other hand we know there are legitimate concerns about government intrusion, network security, and creating new vulnerabilities that bad actors can and would exploit. So we need Silicon Valley not to view government as its adversary. We need to challenge our best minds in the private sector to work with our best minds in the public sector. To develop solutions that will both keep us safe and protect our privacy. Now is the time to solve this problem, not after the next attack.

Since Paris, no homeland security challenge is being more hotly debated than how to handle Syrian refugees seeking safety in the United States.

Our highest priority, of course, must always be protecting the American people.

So yes, we do need to be vigilant in screening and vetting any refugees from Syria, guided by the best judgment of our security professionals in close coordination with our allies and partners.

And congress needs to make sure the necessary resources are provided for comprehensive background checks, drawing on the best intelligence we can get. And we should be taking a close look at the safeguards in visa programs as well. But we cannot allow terrorists to intimidate us into abandoning our values and humanitarian obligations.

Turning away orphans, applying a religious test, discriminating against Muslims, slamming the door on every single Syrian refugee – that is just not who we are. We are better than that.

And remember, many of these refugees are fleeing the same terrorists who threaten us.

It would be a cruel irony indeed if ISIS can force families from their homes and then also prevent them from ever finding new ones. We should be doing more to ease this humanitarian crisis, not less. We should lead the international community in organizing a donor conference and supporting countries like Jordan who are sheltering the majority of refugees fleeing Syria.

And we can get this right.  America’s open, free, tolerant society is described by some as a vulnerability in the struggle against terrorism. But I actually believe it is one of our greatest strengths.  It reduces the appeal of radicalism and enhances the richness and resilience of our communities.

This is not a time for scoring political points. When New York was attacked on 9/11, we had a Republican president, a Republican governor, and a Republican mayor, and I worked with all of them. We pulled together and put partisanship aside to rebuild our city and protect our country. This is a time for American leadership.

No other country can rally the world to defeat ISIS and win the generational struggle against radical jihadism. Only the United States can mobilize common action on a global scale.

And that is exactly what we need. The entire world must be part of this fight, but we must lead it.

There’s been a lot of talk lately about coalitions. Everyone seems to want one.  But there is not nearly as much talk about what it actually takes to make a coalition work in the heat and pressure of an international crisis.

I know how hard this is because we have done it before–To impose the toughest sanctions in history on Iran.  To stop a dictator from slaughtering his people in Libya. To support a fledgling democracy in Afghanistan.

We have to use every pillar of American power – military might but also diplomacy, development aid, economic and cultural influence, technology, and the force of our values, that is smart power.

You have to work with institutions and partners, like NATO, the EU, the Arab League, and the UN.  Strengthen alliances and never get tired of old-fashioned shoe-leather diplomacy.

And, if necessary, be prepared to act decisively on our own, just as we did to bring Osama bin Laden to justice. The United States and our allies must demonstrate that free people and free markets are still the hope of humanity.

This past week, as I watched the tragic scenes from France, I kept thinking back to a young man the world met in January, after the last attack in Paris. His name was Lassana, a Muslim immigrant from Mali who worked at a kosher market. He said the market had become a new home and his colleagues and customers, a “second family.”

When the terrorist arrived and the gunfire began, Lassana risked his life to protect his Jewish customers. He moved quickly, hiding as many people as he could in the cold storage room and then slipping out to help the police.

“I didn’t know or care,” he said, “if they were Jews or Christians or Muslims. We are all in the same boat.”

What a rebuke to the extremists’ hatred.

The French government announced it would grant Lassana full citizenship. But when it mattered most, he proved he was a citizen already.

That is the power of free people. That is what the jihadis will never understand and never defeat.

And as we meet here today, let us resolve that we will go forward together and we will do all we can to lead the world against this threat that threatens people everywhere. Thank you all.”


