black arrow
thank you iowa
now we're just heard from President
Obama reminded me of something that I
think we should think about and that is
to reach child to our republican friends
and colleagues who are suffering from a
very very serious illness they suffer
from amnesia that 800,000 people of
month we're losing their drops day for
Cox that the world's financial system
was on the verge of collapse and they've
just four cocks that we were out all the
largest deficit in the history of the
united states and the last year of
george bush
so we wear our republican friends well
on the road to recovery and we tell them
what every American knows yeah we got
problems today but everybody knows
thanks to the president and the vice
president we have made real progress in
improving our economy
and we have to spy on precedent
obstructionism from right wing
Republican since all of you look great
work is chair of the Iowa Democratic
Party
our country and for doing today what few
americans are doing on Knox complaining
you are not turning our backs on the
political process and fighting back
campaign and the political revolution
when you see the middle class of this
country
disappearing and when you see people you
know what three jobs trying to cobble
together some incumbents home health
care of your dog Josh shoulders and say
that's the way it is
5 turn raise the minimum wage
dollars
and we fight for women workers when
millions of Americans today do not have
jobs due Friday for a massive federal
jobs program to rebuild our crumbling
infrastructure and millions of our
people back to work
you fight for an economy that works for
all americans and not just the
wealthiest people in this country
when you see when you use that the
United States has more income and wealth
inequality than any other major country
on earth and when you see all of the new
income being generated today is going to
the top 1% you know you know and the
american people know that that is not
borrow not sustain and you demand that
the wealthiest people in this country
and the largest corporations start
paying their fair share of taxes
that here in the United States we have
more people in jail than any other
country on earth
disproportionately black and Latino that
what we have talked to do and educate
should not more channels and across her
ex
when you saw the United States Supreme
Court of one of the worst in the history
of our country
past the Citizens United case
wealthiest people in this country who
are sexually by elections and by
candidates
demanded a constitutional amendment
turn and I promise that no nominee to
the supreme court will be voting to
support citizens united now while many
in the republican party continued to
deny the reality of climate change that
we live in transforming our energy
system away from fossil fuel
and you understand the moral imperative
moral imperative that we'd leave this
planet in a way that is healthy and
habitable for our children and our
grandchildren you are not on the
sidelines of these struggles you are in
the middle of this fight and that is
what our campaign is all about
when I began President of the United
States of America
and when we announced going to take on
the political and economic establishment
of this country very few people knew who
I was not the fact I may have a big
black we worried about 3% of the polls
we had no money we had no political
organization while in the last six
months
yes
hundreds of thousands of volunteers and
every state in this country are working
hard
including 7,000 right here in Iowa
300 Americans and withdrawing some of
the largest turnouts of any campaign
and today I can tell you and I'm very
proud of this that we have raised more
individual contributions than any
candidate in the history of our country
at this point
$30 now the fun begins the great
political experts in this campaign
unless you have a superpower unless
unless you go to the million billion has
the money
Democratic candidate for president who
does not have a super PAC
and we are gonna prove the experts in
this campaign
and by the way just to remember about
eight years ago
all of the political experts talked
about how another Democratic candidate
for president just couldn't win he was
100 its president
well iowa I think we are going to prove
the product it's wrong I believe we've
got one more time
now I my political life is well known as
some other candidates and the remaining
time but I have to talk to you about
some of the difficult choices decisions
that I have had to make some of the
forks in the road that I have
encountered in my career as mayor of
Burlington commodity us' congressman and
as a united states certainly when I was
elected mayor of the largest city in my
state by 10 votes
I think it's fair to say that it was a
shock to the establishment nobody
thought we could win that election and I
was opposed by the entire political
establishment that's the way was I faced
a fork in the road to the special
interests in my city and the political
establishment always stand up and fight
back and that is what we did
we doubled the voter turnout we elected
candidates and we made profound changes
to make her lick one of the United
States of America and I learned the
lesson and then left with the people to
take on big money ordinary people will
get involved in the political process
they will come out and vote and that's a
lesson we learn today republicans when
wet voter turnout is low we win out at
voter turnout is high now after I came
to congress elected in nineteen ninety
corporate America Wall Street the
administration and virtually all of the
corporate video they said you gotta vote
for this nafta trade agreement
break I didn't believe their audience i
voted against nafta I voted against
capital I voted against me with china
and history has proven those of us who
oppose those agreements were right
because in the last 14 years this
country has lost sixty thousand
factories and millions of jobs and let
me be clear about the current trade deal
that we are debating in congress the
trans-pacific partnership agreement is
not now nor has the gold standard of
trade agreements
I did not support it yesterday I do not
support it and I will
in nineteen my face another fork in the
road a very very difficult political
situation it was called the Defense of
Marriage Act
brought forth by republican led congress
and its purpose was clear to
discriminate against gays and lesbians
and the law
gay and lesbian rights were not popular
then I'm sorry to have to tell you that
that bill won by an overwhelming
majority in the House of three hundred
and forty to fifty seven that was not a
political easy now today
summer trying to rewrite history by
saying they voted for one anti-gay law
to stop something worse that's not the
case there was a small minority in the
house
oppose the discriminating against our
gay brothers and I am proud then I was
one of those Baptists
climate change climate change is real
climate change is caused by human
activity and climate change is already
causing devastating damage in america is
all over the world in American history
when almost all Republicans running for
president
reject science and the need for bold
action to combat climate change these
republicans prefer to take super PAC
contributions from the Koch brothers at
the fossil fuel industry rather than to
protect the planet for our kids and our
grandchildren and if you agree with me
about the urgent need to address climate
change then you know immediately what to
do about the Keystone pipeline
this was not a complicated should we
support the construction of a pipeline
across america accelerating the
extraction and transportation of some of
the dirtiest fossil fuel in the world to
me and that's why I have a proposed
pipeline
let me take you back to a very eventful
year and a decision in the modern
history of our country the years 2000
and true the issue is whether Congress
should vote to invade Iraq public
opinion and most of the video while for
the wall and it turns out that big
majorities in Congress or for all the
war as well
overwhelming support in the house and
the Senate for the walk I listen to what
Bush and Cheney and Rumsfeld and I said
no they're not they're true
and I was right
riders
joy predicted about iraq turned out to
be right at all but that was a tough
vote I came to that fork in the road and
I took the right road even though it was
not popular at that time
while congress I opposed it time and
time again to rein in Wall straight to
fail to re-establish and bring back to
last season and we need to break up
these huge facts here are just saying
this we as a nation enormously difficult
and complex problems that's the truth
but I believe now and I have always
believed from the bottom of my heart
that yes these guys got the money they
have the power but when people stand
black and white Hispanic
straight young men and women game
when we stand there is nothing that we
cannot accomplish and I pledge to you
that every day I will fight for the
public interest not the corporate
interests of american society where the
ok what black or Latino full working
class just be cause politically
expedient at a given the republicans
that their reactionary agenda for the
billion but not for ordinary Americans
and we are going to defeat down thank
you all very much