lives
this afternoon
political revolution contributed $25 $50
campaign raises money $25 at a time
around some rich person's dining room
living room where people are putting in
a hundred thousand dollars into a super
PAC this is a peoples meeting at the
only nine billion major candidate who
does not have a super PAC
I do not represent the agenda of the
billionaire class or corporate America I
don't want to I don't need their money
is about is just what we're doing right
now
last night just to give you an example
we had some 3,500 house bodies all over
america
I am told told the LA with 1,600 people
are all over the country we had 800,000
people coming out over 650,000 people
need individual contributions averaging
$30 apiece
a result of last night's debate I am
told that we have raised two million
$35
what I raised right now there are many
London's who believe that the only way a
candidate to run a successful campaign
to have a super PAC
down on one's needs before the
millionaires and billionaires big damper
money and what we are showing years we
can run a people-oriented campaign
funded by the pool
country we had a great rally here a few
months ago and I like in a sense the god
knows how many thousands of people one
guy came up to me you know what I like
about what you're doing is you're
treating us as if we were intelligent
human beings
campaign is about about demanding that
all of us and the media start talking
about the real issues facing this time
I slipped on a banana peel leaving here
with me in the front page but when we
talk about the great crises facing this
country to get media attention for a lot
of obvious reasons and if I was standing
here tonight and making some vicious
attack against Hillary Clinton or
anybody else about why the middle class
is disappearing and almost all new
income and wealth is going to the top
one percent not a big story so what the
political revolution is is forcing a
debate not about trivial but about the
real issues
country faces serious different people
have different ideas but I think they
are tired of seeing politics looked at
it as if it were a baseball game or a
soap opera on the world but on some of
the major issues I think as the nation
we have got right now in this country we
have more income and wealth inequality
than any other major country on earth
and it is worse today than at any time
since the late nineteen twenties do we
find it morally or economically
acceptable on TV but are one tenth of
one percent one tenth of one percent
owns almost as much well as the bottom
90%
LA California and Vermont all over this
country we all know people who are
working incredibly long hours in fact I
don't know how many of you know this we
americans work the longest hours of any
other industrialized country people are
working $56 week the working two jobs
and three journals and yet 58 percent of
all income generated in this country is
going to the top one percent
for a while
we are talking about an economy that is
rich and let me give you an example of
what you got people all over LA they
worked in for really low wages and yet
in the last two years alone 15
wealthiest people in this country were
ready zillionaires fifteen people saw
their wealth increase by over a hundred
and fifty billion dollars fifteen people
that is more well that is owned by the
bottom hundred and thirty million
Americans so what you have right now is
a rigged economy by which the rich get
richer everybody else gets we have got
to create an economy in America and we
can which works for working families not
just billionaire
tragedy that we have got to address
which is pretty much not talked about by
politicians or the media and that is
number one real unemployment which means
people who have given up looking for
work and millions of people working part
time when they want to work full time
when you add all that together
unemployed box on the one who work
full-time people given up looking for
work
real unemployment in this country 10%
and then let me tell you something which
is never discussed and that is the
tragedy of youth unemployment in America
real unemployment and underemployment
years for kids between 17 and 22 are
high school graduates then drop out of
high school graduates and this is what
they said white kids the number is 31%
kids the number is 36% for african
American young people the number is 51%
we don't talk about this issue and
that's why last night I said I am tired
of hillary's emails let's talk about
reelection
what does when millions of young people
disproportionately Latino and
african-american I'm not in school and
what it means is a five and a half
million of them for Burlington Vermont
so Los Angeles California I hanging out
on street corners and attempted to get
into trouble and the result of that in
my view contributes to the fact that we
in America have more people in jail than
any other country on earth including
China
point two million people are in jail
today and it cost to taxpayers eighty
billion dollars a year
families are being torn apart we're
spending huge sums of taxpayer money
locked in people now it seems to be that
it makes a lot more sense for us to be
investing in education and jobs rather
than jails
lot less expensive for us to send young
people to the University of California
to lock them up
another issue all of these issues are
interconnected one of the things you
learn you know when is the
interconnectedness of all of these
issues here's another reason why write
it and that right now we have hundreds
of thousands of bright young people in
this country who have done well in
schools were qualified they can not get
a college education for one reason and
that is their families lack the funds
raised it is unfair to those young
people to say you're never gonna make it
into the middle class you're never gonna
be a doctor or a scientist or engineer
or a nurse you never gonna be able to do
that because you can't afford to go to
college that is unfair but what is even
crazier is that as a nation we need to
type all of the intellectual capability
that weekend
why I have introduced legislation which
will implement as president to make
every public college and university in
America tuition free
opponents think this is a real far I'll
radical idea it's really not right fifty
years ago fifty years ago if you were
able to graduate high school
the likelihood was that you will be able
to go out and get a pretty good job
today a college degree is the equivalent
of what I high school degree was fifty
years ago had public education in this
country for way longer than a hundred
years it is time now to include colleges
as part of free public education
and our legislation also addresses the
crisis of millions of people struggling
with very very high student debt pretty
simple why should you if you have
student debt be paying six eight 10
percent interest rates when you can
refinance your home but two or three
percent people to refinance and get the
government out of profiteering also
working class
making public colleges and universities
tuition-free why this is a revolutionary
idea is not just because it makes life
easier obviously for those people who go
to college but it does something else
even more important to a kid in the
fifth grade 6 grade in LA or in
burlington vermont that no matter what
the income of your family is and I grew
up in a family that never had a lot of
money but no matter what your income is
if you study hard if you take school
seriously if you do well you will be
able to get a college education
billion dollars on wall street
the recklessness and illegal behavior on
Wall Street drove this country into the
worst economic downturn in modern
history
Wall Street came rolling to the middle
class of this country and they said
louise bail us out I voted against the
way but now that we are seeing CEO's
Wall Street make a new compensation
packages it is their time to bail out
the middle class
you know it's a funny thing somebody
just yell out its jail time to it is it
is an interesting statement on our very
broken criminal justice system which has
more people in jail than any other
country but not as CEOs over wall street
people who sold marijuana in jail
without people have destroyed the
american economy
about major issues facing our country
and I'm just taking off some of them
afternoon there is one issue that
impacts every other issue and died as a
result of the Supreme Court's decision
in Citizens United finance system is now
corrupt and it is undermining the
foundations of American democracy and
that's just the simple truth
where every spring there all week old
town meetings people come together argue
about how much they're going to spend on
the schools and on the roads and their
budgets and all that stuff
everybody's things off they argue one
vote we are now living under a campaign
finance system where you have one vote
the Koch brothers have one vote each
plus nine hundred million dollars to buy
canada days
why I promise you that any nominee of
mind to the United States Supreme Court
will make it loud and clear that he or
she will be voting to overturn
that I am passionate believer in a very
radical concept called democracy in
human history
accuracy is a pretty new one hundred
years old and yet what we are seeing
right now is a result of citizens united
is a situation where the Koch brothers
alone will be spending more money in
this campaign cycle of the Democratic or
Republican politics when you got one
family spending more money than either
of the two major political parties
you're not talking about democracy
you're talking about a lunch date we've
got a
one of the day win when turnout so low
they win when they can suppress the vote
of people of color of low-income people
old people young people so not only do
we have to frontally take on voter
suppression and what I will do is
president used to make it very clear
that in 50 states in this country if
somebody is 18 years of age that person
is registered to vote and discuss
public funding of elections and the
reason I say that the reason I say that
is your gonna do that too
just yelled out of getting a lot of help
you guys are helping me write my
speeches I appreciate that young lady
has said if we are serious about
democracy when we give the American
people the day off and make
international
democracy I want I want anybody who is
interested in public service whether
they're conservative progressive
moderate whatever I want them to be able
to say you know what I'm gonna run for
office and I want them to be able to run
for office without having to big wealthy
people for campaign contributions
setters already a lot about another
issue of enormous consequence is our
moral responsibility France's recently
reminded of this of this moral
responsibility to leave this planet in a
way that is healthy inhabitable for our
kids and our grandchildren
there is no longer a debate the
scientific community is virtually
unanimous climate change is real it is
caused by human activity is already
causing devastating problems in our
country and all over the world that's
the bad news here's the good news is if
we are aggressive is we understand the
enormity of this problem if we lead the
world and work with russia and China and
India and other countries we can
transform our energy system globally
away from fossil fuel energy efficiency
and sustainable
when we talk about our economy what this
campaign is saying to the billionaire
class is something that is pretty simple
and that is they cannot continue to have
it all their greed is destroying this
nation and if I have anything to say
about it and i truly will as president
of the united states
in the wealthiest people in this country
will finally start paying their fair
share of taxes
everybody knows that we have in this
country today 11 million undocumented
people now what has disturbed me very
very much we have a number of republican
candidates are not only done addressing
the real issue of immigration reform
they are scooping to racist attacks
against the Latino community
2015 we have been fighting against
racism for hundreds of views on
immigration but it is not acceptable to
stoop to racist attacks against the
mexican people
when a person in this country is
undocumented when a person in this
country has no legal rights that person
is very often exploited and that person
worker cannot stand up for his or her
rights so windows workers are exploited
denied fair wages and benefits it not
only impacts them it impacts every
worker in america and leads us to a race
to the bottom
I believe that we need to provide legal
status to all people who are
undocumented as soon as possible and
what remains in my heart I had a couple
of months ago his own in Phoenix and
after a rally but we had a number of
young Latino girls teenagers came up to
me and there were tears coming out of
their cheeks down their cheeks as they
express their fear the day or their
parents could be our job is to unite
families not to divide families
is to go forward with comprehensive
immigration reform and a path toward
citizenship
the republicans refuse to cooperate I'll
job is the house for president who will
use the power of executive orders
immigration reform we have got to the
nation deal with institutional racism at
a broken criminal justice system
very very very long time african
americans have been arrested and killed
during the arrest process they have been
killed while in custody and the system
has allowed police departments to get
away with that but with the rise of this
when the american people see a video of
people like Sondra bland and many others
what the american people are saying this
is not acceptable
burlington vermont three years
will come here in the winter I work very
closely with the police department which
drew a Burlington is true of police
departments all of this country that is
most cops work really hard they're
honest it is a very difficult job also
any police officer as well as any public
official and that police officer breaks
he must be held accountable
police talk about criminal justice I
think all of us on the slim that there
is something profoundly wrong in a
nation when we see it seems God knows
every week every month another mass
killing and what about a person who
walks into an elementary school in kills
children what's another individual water
and the Whitchurch goes on to a Bible
study class and then kills nine people
because the color of their skin is
different than yours clearly what we
need to do in my view is create a
consensus a consensus which I believe
exists in this country was sensible gun
control legislation
everything those guns to make sure they
are able to get the help they need when
they need
closed in my office and I am sure that
governors and senator dole the senators
and members of congress public officials
over America medical schools and so you
know I'm worried about my brother I
don't know what he's going to do to
himself was somebody else and we
desperately looking out for help and we
can't find anything now that we can
afford and then we see what that
inaction means when we look at the front
page of the newspaper and see you know
the mass killing and another tragedy so
in my view what we should absolutely
make certain is that when people need
counseling and they need mental health
treatment they get it when they needed
not too much
where we are as a nation you read in the
media tells you that we are very divided
nation and to some degree that's true
the differences of opinion on issues
like gay marriage or abortion guns there
is a real delight in this country
quality huge issues but on the other
hand what I want to tell you is there is
a lot more commonality a lot more common
interest among people then many would be
able to believe
the ranking member on the Budget
Committee representing the democrats and
here is what the republican budget is
about the republican budget I want you
to be thinking for a moment these are
the guys who control the house and the
USA and this is what their budget is and
if you think I'm exaggerating and
kidding you know go to the internet and
check it out this is the truth this is
why I say that because it's hard to
believe what the republican budget says
is let us and the Affordable Care Act
make massive cuts in medicaid and throat
27 million people without health
insurance
now we are the only major country under
the doesn't guarantee healthcare 200
people something I want to change and
Republicans want to throw twenty seven
million people and when you ask the
ranking member I said call me if you
gonna throw twenty seven million people
without health insurance
how many thousands will become much
thicker than they should have been they
have no response at all there are and
then you go on to another issue
publicans well at a time when it is
harder and harder for working-class
families to send their kids to college
let's cut Pell Grants line 90 billion
dollars over ten year period let's make
it even harder
and by the way when families here in los
angeles city vermont are struggling to
put food on the table that's billions of
dollars in cuts in nutrition programs
and by the way after cutting health care
and nutrition and environmental programs
they have another brilliant idea and
that is why don't we provide over two
hundred and fifty billion dollars in tax
breaks to be us two tenths of one
percent
because when the american people
understand that and the media doesn't
report the store but when the american
people understand that they say these
kinds of crazy world of the living it
get away with that because in the last
election sixty-three percent of the
American people did in boats eighty
percent of young people didn't vote and
there are millions of people who know
very very little about what goes on in
washington millions of people don't even
know which political party controls the
USA house of the US senate know it's a
fact we are trying to do in this
campaign and what I mean by waging a
political revolution is to bring people
together to stand up and demand that the
United States government represents all
of us and not just a handful of
never comes from the top down it always
comes from the bottom
people struggle to build the trade union
movement so that workers could engage in
collective bargaining and earn decent
wages and benefits millions of
african-americans in their white house
lawyers and Hispanic outlines an
American allies fought to end racist
legislation in this country
but finally millions of people came
together to be president
notwithstanding the color of his skin
well women struggle in said sorry we are
not going to be second-class citizens in
america
going to be able to control our own
bodies
allies struggled to make that happen
a very long time ago somebody jumped up
and said you know I think gay marriage
should be legal in every state in
America somebody would have told them
they're crazy couldn't have to fight
what happened is the gay community in
their street allies said you know what
we are going to end homophobia in this
country
that real change can happen when we do
not allow them to divide by the color of
our skin by whether we are gay or
straight white whether we were born in
America or not in america whether we're
a woman or a man
when we stand united fighting for our
kids and our parents by the millions
making this political revolution there
is nothing nothing we cannot accomplish