old
larger say but you know super PACs are
in my mind
undermined american democracy and I
wanted to not just talk the talk walk
the walk so I said ok when I can do a
super PAC raise money all of you know
just watching them run for national
office so we saw actually reached out to
working families in the middle class of
this country possibly an amazing thing
happened that I never dreamed would have
had and that as as of today we have
received two and a half million
individual contributions more individual
contributions than any candidate in the
history of the United States
bush
drug companies change in this country
and you can do it with the support of
the middle class of this country that is
what we're trying to do it a pretty
proud of them know what's also happened
as you know when we started this
campaign I think the first national
polls how to say something like three
percent but over the last of those
numbers have gone up and they brought up
here or you know I when I gotta tell you
you're beautiful state we are seeing
just extraordinary level of enthusiasm
energy of support as of today one of the
reasons I think we have an excellent
chance to win here is that s up today we
will have had meetings like this and
lodging meetings where some 40,000 I
have come out to discuss the important
issues facing this country 40,000 in
this campaign as of today by the end of
this campaign year and I what I think
will probably
talking to people just like you want
american democracy and that's pretty
good so we have a lot of people many
thousands of all he is talking to people
making phone calls and I think that's
why we're going to win this
old-fashioned way person to person now I
think also one of the reasons we have
been successful in this campaign because
we are talking about the very very
serious issues facing the american
people and a lot of politics in America
especially because of the media does not
allow for serious discussion from a
media perspective what politics is about
its a soak up what happened if the
person person's personal life
holes it's money it's all kinds of
things but it's not really the issues
impacting the American people in a
democratic society what politics should
be about his what's going on in the
country what's wrong
how we come together to change how we
thought that's kind of what politics
should be about not ripping apart
everybody doing on the best in the world
dummies and terrible people so let's
talk about some of the important issues
facing this country and at the top of my
list are probably more and more people I
think of discussing this issue is the
issue of the grotesque level of income
and wealth inequality in this country
today we have the top one tenth of one
percent only almost as much well as the
bottle 90%
how do we feel how we feel about 20
wealthiest people in this country only
more well fifty percent of the American
people
welcome you to reflect upon think about
you have one family in America owning
more wealth than the bottom forty
percent of the emergence turns out that
the Walton family is the major recipient
of welfare country many people in this
country because they are paying their
workers wages that are so low and
benefits that are so bad that many of
their workers are on food stamps many of
their workers are on medicaid and many
other workers are in subsidized housing
so generous and kind people in the
middle class are helping to subsidize
the wealthiest family in America and
they very much appreciate
you have come up to help their employees
but you know I've got a radical idea
maybe they should pay it and he said
is that we are saying in my state and in
your people working incredibly long
hours trying to bring in enough income
and health care to sustain their not
uncommon for people to be working two or
three jobs I suspect the juniors well
not uncommon for mom to be working down
to be working
turns out that our people are working
longer hours of any people in the
industrialized world
japanese worker long as we look and yet
all of the hard work of the american
people it turns out that 58 percent of
all new income generated in this country
goes to the top one percent but that
working incredible hours 58 percent goes
to the top one percent so what we are
living in what this campaign is
addressing is the fact that we have a
rigged economy a rigged economy and
unfair economy that despite how hard
ordinary people working and going to the
top one percent so what this campaign is
about you suggesting a very radical of
you want a radical idea is a radical
idea what about an economy that works
for the middle class and not just a
handful of billionaires
and maintained by a corrupt campaign
finance system ever since the supreme
court by a five-to-four decision voted
for citizens united what that decision
said to the wealthiest people in this
country is you guys already own
much of the American economy now even
give you the opportunity to buy the
United States government now the former
chairman of the Committee on Veterans
Affairs on a river during hard we can
talk about that later but I talked to
veterans from World War two career was
it really breaks my heart to see that
people put their lives on the line to
defend american democracy and now you
have a handful of billionaires
literally able to buy elections in this
country you have one example something
over here and I will usually he was the
first caucus in the country there was a
court has held several months ago by a
gentleman named Sheldon Adelson you know
here's a multi billionaire who
contributes very heavily and what it did
several months ago in the Adelson corpus
is invited
leading Republican candidates to come
before him to tell him walk they would
do a multi-billionaire if they were
elected president and one of them will
end up getting his nomination and will
be the recipient of tens of millions of
dollars or maybe hundreds of stalls
bottom line is when you have the Koch
brothers and a few of their friends
prepared to spend nine hundred million
dollars on this campus
when Sheldon Adelson has his own caucus
is not democracy that is call oligarchy
and together we have got to change that
now when we talk about the economy it's
important to talk about jobs every month
federal government comes out of a series
of reports on unemployment sorts but one
that appears on the front pages of the
papers is official employment official
unofficial US official report tells us
that official unemployment today is five
percent believe that unemployment
workers 5% truth is there's another and
the other report which doesn't get as
much attention tells us that if you
include people who have given up looking
for work and people who are working part
time when they won't work full time real
unemployment is close to 10% about 9.9
on top of that there is the real crisis
that very few people talk about
regarding youth unemployment had a study
done to me a few months ago this is what
they say
for high school graduates not dropouts
my kids terms of unemployment and
underemployment 33 percent between the
ages of 17 and 20 latino kids 36 percent
african-american kids 51 now if anybody
in this room doesn't see the correlation
between high rates of youth unemployment
and the fact that we have more people in
jail than any other country on earth you
would be missing a very important so
here is another very radical idea second
radical idea of the day and no one is
fleeing the oil
instead of investing in jails in
incarceration for our kids what about
investing in jobs and education
and there is more than enough work to be
done in this country we have an
infrastructure roads bridges rail system
wastewater plants watered that in many
parts of this country literally grown
and that's why I have called for a one
trillion dollar investment one trillion
dollar investment what thirteen million
people back to work making our country
more efficient and safe let's rebuild
our infrastructure
the reason that sometimes a PhD in
economics to figure out that the reason
as to why people are working such long
hours has everything to do with the fact
that wages are you can do the arithmetic
as well as I can but somebody who works
for eight bucks an hour a week fifty
year is not going to earn enough money
to take care of himself or herself let
alone and that is why I believe that
anyone in America who works 40 hours a
week should not be living in poverty
that's why I believe we should raise the
minimum wage to a living wage $15 over
the next
that every man in this room there with
the women and make sure that we passed
pay equity for women workers
reason rational economic reason why
women should be making 79 cents on the
dollar compared to men that is just
old-fashioned sexism and together we are
going to change that
of politicians dropping through this and
many republicans talk about family dogs
just laws of their wealthy families of
inmates can I ask you to keep up with
keeping that light off and and they are
really into family values but does
everybody in this room know what they
mean by Sam divides what they need by
family bonds is that no one in this room
in the state in this country should be
able to control your own body I strongly
disagree
now I'm not shocked you tell you that
there is a lot of hypocrisy in politics
I know you'll be shocked when I think
there is no greater example of hypocrisy
and when it comes to a woman's right to
choose
republicans running all over this
country telling us how much they hate
the federal government how much they
hate government journal they want to cut
Social Security and Medicare investigate
everything else they want to get the
government watch your backs they want to
live your life three country make your
own decision accepts when it comes to
the very personal decision that women
sometimes have to make and then they
love the government and they want to go
to tell every woman in America
her choice should be that's wrong that's
hypocrisy I will fight that tooth
also what we talked about republican
family values but they also mean is that
gay people in this country should not
have the right to marry I strongly
disagree with us
27 grandchildren and what I talked about
international of the united states only
country on earth does not guarantee paid
family and medical
of working-class women all low-income
women there is a strong likelihood that
they will be forced to separate
themselves from those newborn baby one
week after birth
two weeks after birth to go back to work
earn enough income to do in my view that
is not what family values are about that
is the very opposite of what of family
values about a mom and dad have the
right to stay home with a newborn baby
you have a right to stay home with your
kids if your son or daughter is ill if
your mom or dad is and that is why I
should we will support and fight for
three months of paid fairly dramatically
now when we talk about our economy have
the courage to take on some extremely
powerful special interests because at
the end of the day without being too
rhetorical here real change never takes
place without struggle that's been the
history of the united states whether
it's been a civil rights movement has
been workers movements in unions whether
it's been the women's movement the
environmental movement the game that's
what happens when we talk about our
economy we have got to understand that
the greed the recklessness and the
illegal behavior of Wall Street is doing
disastrous things working men and women
in this country now everybody in this
room those that wall street's behavior
crashed the economy
2000 and so you all know that millions
of people lost their jobs they've lost
their homes they lost their life savings
and you helped bail them out they came
running the congress and they said
police bail out against Michael congress
bail them out now
today eight years later you may not be
shocked to know that the three largest
three out of the four largest financial
institutions in america are much bigger
than they were when you bailed them out
because they were too big to fail you
might not be shocked to know that the
six largest financial institutions have
assets equivalent to 60 percent of the
GDP of the United States that they issue
two-thirds of the credit cards and
one-third of the mortgages you might now
be shocked to know that since 2000 and
nine major financial institutions in
this country have paid over to
hundred billion dollars in fines for
illegal activities or reached
settlements with the government to avoid
reading over two hundred billion dollars
now mind you when you have a financial
institution too big to fail it is too
big to exist I believe we should break
there
small businesses farmers homeowners not
as we currently have on wall street and
I love unto itself only concerned about
making as much money as they can for
themselves
also you know when we've talked about
this why it is that so many of our
people of the moralizing politically why
so many people have given up on our
democracy I think it has a lot to do a
lot of factors out there but here's one
of them people see market picked up for
the possession of marijuana gets
arrested has a criminal record
see somebody else minor crime has a
police record and yet the CEOs of Wall
Street firms firms that as I mentioned
up a two hundred billion dollars in
fines for illegal activities not one has
been charged with a crime not one of
them has a police so I believe maybe I'm
old-fashioned about this we should not
have banks that are too big to fail what
bankers who are too big to jail
all people in power
earlier we have a corrupt old-fashioned
conservative but what democracy means to
me is one person one vote so if we were
here all together and we're trying to
decide something you gotta vote
everybody has an equal vote majority
rules that's kind of my vision of
democracy majority rules one-person
one-vote but clearly that has been
corrupted by the Citizens United
decision so let me make a promise to you
that if elected president
no not in need of mind to the supreme
court will get that position unless he
or she makes it very very clear and loud
that they will vote to overturn Citizens
United
because I am a passionate believer in
democracy I want this country to have
one larger one of the higher voter
turnouts in the world
not one of the low voter turnout since
will live on our young people are just
going from high school just before I
want our kids to be thinking about the
important issues I want serious debate
in this country about serious issues and
I will do everything that I can to
expand voter turnout among many other
things I will click on those republican
governors and legislators were going out
of their way to suppress the vote to
make it harder for people in this
country devote our job is to make it
easier
when we talk about this country
everybody here knows that if our economy
is going to be successful we need to
have the best educated workforce in the
world and unfortunately that is no
longer the case of once while it is not
the case
to give you one absurd exam right now as
we speak there are hundreds of thousands
of bright and qualified young people who
have the background have the building to
go to college but cannot go to college
for one reason and that reason is their
families lack the funds to me that he is
not only really unfair to those people
but it is absurd as we look at our
future economy where we need to tell all
of the intellectual capabilities of
people how many scientists and engineers
in great teaches there who cannot afford
to go to college right now so that is
why I will fight to make sure that every
public college and university in america
is tuition free
we've got to deal with another crisis
outrageously high level of student debt
in this country you have millions of
people I've been reading a lot of your
in Iowa who are carrying that some
90,000 $300,000 whatever reduce into I
met a woman to promote a couple years
ago I dream was to get a medical degree
and practice primary health care just
exactly the kind of doctors we need she
is now three hundred thousand dollars in
debt and I thought that was the highest
I was in the morning
number of months ago after a spokeswoman
comes up to me she says well bernie
actually I graduated data school and we
need to get this desperately thousand
dollars in debt just brought to the way
young man
few days ago and it wasn't nearly 90,000
and paying 53 percent of his entire
income back to the government is that
that's pretty crazy stuff so what we
wanted to also has not only made public
colleges and universities tuition-free
we want to lower interest rates on
student debt right now
right now is that you can refinance your
home
what does it cost to refinance a home
near 34 percent
refinance your home with 34 percent and
get your pain
68 10 12 percent interest rates on
student loans that does not make any
sense we're gonna give people the
opportunity to refinance their loans at
the lowest interest rates they can find
I will tell you when they were in
trouble
well now the middle class is in trouble
its wall street's turn to help working
families
now when we talk about but facing the
entire planet it seems to me there is
adults as parents and grandparents we
have got to understand we have to leave
this planet in a way that is healthy and
is habitable our children now I am all
united states and the energy committee
and I thought the scientist not only all
over our country but all over the world
the debate is over climate change is
real it is caused by human activity and
it is already doing devastating to our
country in many parts of the world as
President I will take up the mantle of
having the United States leads the world
working with China Russia India other
countries in transforming our energy
system away from fossil fuel energy
efficiency and sustainable energy and by
the way let me congratulate the people
are because you are one of the leading
states in this country in terms of
moving us toward sustainable energy wind
and biofuels congratulations
i oppose the construction of the box and
piping
energy to invest in energy efficiency
and not become more dependent upon
fossil fuels
hope that everybody understands only
major country on earth
called the United States of America
you've probably heard of that country
that does not guarantee health care to
all people know what that means is that
in the UK Canada France Germany
Scandinavia metals whatever maybe
countries have different healthcare
systems but they are all together they
all have a common goal of guaranteeing
health care to all of their people know
I helped write the Affordable Care Act
among our committee voted for it we got
some good things and I worked out by the
way with your former Senator Tom Harkin
but we still have despite the ACA we
start 29 million people without any
health insurance and even more under
what it means that probably some of you
a very large deductibles or co-payments
am i right on that
talk about the doctor bills
$107,000 how much I was like a model
where you have i mean there are 5,000 is
common person 10,000 per family whatever
it may be and what that means is that
when people get sick and they don't have
a lot of money they hesitate going to be
so what ends up happening there and I've
talked to doctors who said people walk
into their offices and a doctor said 100
company of six months ago and the
persons of wealth health insurance I
didn't have a high deductible sometimes
those people don't like it but sometimes
they end up in a hospital a great
expense to the system and then on top of
that our people paid the highest prices
in the world for prescription drugs
way back when the late nineteen nineties
I took a busload of women from northern
Vermont over the Canadian border and I
did that because many of those women
with breast cancer and they were able to
buy the medicine brand-name medicine
that they needed in Montreal for one
tenth of the price they are paying in
the United States one tenth of the price
and that's probably change but we paid
by far the highest prices in the world
not just like in Canada higher than any
other major country on earth so you will
not be shocked to know the while we pay
the highest prices for prescription
drugs while one out of five Americans
who get a prescription from a doctor
cannot afford to fill that prescription
while elderly people are cutting their
pills in half
because they can't afford to buy what
they need the three major drug companies
in this country last year made 45
billion dollars in profits forty five
billion dollars in parts so one of my
very important goals as president is to
have joined the rest of the
industrialized world guarantee health
care to all people control prescription
drug costs and the best way to do that
is doing Medicare for All single-payer
program
comprehensive health care we also say
middle-class families thousands of
dollars a year on their health care
costs because we pay almost three times
more than the british will provide
healthcare all the people 50 percent
more than the French follower than the
Canadiens so the truth is we cannot
comprehensive universal health care in a
cost effective way if we have the
courage to stand up to the private
insurance companies and the drug to be
just conclude by saying this will open
up to your questions and comments and
that is living in a country we are all
living in which ordinary country but
that over the last thirty years what we
have seen is a massive transfer of
wealth from the middle class to the top
one tenth of one percent The percentage
of wealth of the top one tenth of one
percent now owns has doubled doubled in
the last 30 years not being there I am
talking about this afternoon is
particularly radical everything that I
am talking about
exist in other countries around the
world and virtually everything that I am
talking about you supported by the vast
majority of the American people the
american people want us to raise the
minimum wage for women workers they want
us to rebuild our infrastructure they
want jobs the kids run them put them in
jail they want us to make sure that we
lead the world in addressing climate
change they want all of our people have
health care fees on radical ideas but
what has happened over the last many
years is the United States government
has become more and more separated
from the needs of the middle class and
working families and that has everything
to do with the fact that the government
is now controlled through campaign
donations to a lobbying by a small
number of corporations and very very
wealthy individuals so what this
campaign is about is not just selecting
a person of course I'm here to ask for
your support is to create a political
revolution in which millions of people
many of whom I've given up on the
political process the gym to step up and
say loudly and clearly our government
belongs to all of us and not just a
handful of wealthy campaign contributors
thank you all very much