feel the burn baby burn
brigade I have a simple job bernie on
the ballot in all 50 states
here in Ohio we are going to collect six
thousand signatures I don't control the
mics I'm sorry
goal is to collect six thousand
signatures here now we got it
over the weekend we only got 642
don't tell me we can fix this baby
tonight ok we have 5358 signatures to go
I see a lot more people than that we
only have 29 days you get this baby done
bernie need your help and burning needs
your help tonight when you signed
petitions on the way and we need to rest
you decide I'm on the way out if your
registered democrat in this great state
of Ohio you need to step up after
bernie's through speak and you'll be all
fired up
go run for the exits stop be patient I
have people up there ready to get your
signature and put him on the ballot
when Bernie speak there's magic
burn a little clearer when style magic
opportunity to do something special here
now dean else matters and that's
5358 signatures to chime is running out
tonight
country
number 11
burning
not only
we need people who are working families
and take
with us this evening
we're in telling you what you already
know that as Americans we are appalled
we are disgusted by the attack against
the people of paris by the terrorist
organization and i know i speak for
everyone everyone in our country when we
send our condolences to the families who
lost loved ones and that barbaric attack
in our prayers go out with speedy
recoveries for the many hundreds more
were injured in my view now is the time
for developing serious and effective
strategy now is not the time for cheap
political talk we're trying to take
political advantage of this difficult
moment
now president Obama is trying to do to
unite the world and an organized
campaign against taxes by bringing
together all the country interest in the
international countries countries
president
we will not live in field
I am hearing my Republican colleagues
that I will just say this we will not
succumb to racism
sitcom called
everything but the shorts on their backs
we will not turn our backs on the
refugee
Americans
most importantly we will learn the
lessons of history yesterday the
chairman of the republican national
committee stated and i quote never
before have I seen an american president
President Obama project such weakness on
the global stage end of quote
many of you will remember back in two
thousand and two we had president
president bush
president bush
president but not very spot
dick cheney the whole lot of them they
would talk
and then we should invade Iraq
virtually alone in the result was 6700
brave men and women from our country
hundreds of thousands of people where an
emotional many many Iraqis dead and
wounded in the region that we are paying
the price today for the instability and
that chaos
my Republican colleagues yeah but not
we create a worldwide coalition that
will defeat Isis but no the United
States of America must not be involved
in perpetual war in the Middle East
something else they were closed
including many republicans media who
think that because of this horrific
attack only thing that we should focus
on is the feeding ice and what I say use
yes we will leave the world in defeating
I but at the same time we will rebuild
the disappearing middle class of this
country
and we can accomplish both goals
the campaign that we all know about six
months ago six months ago we began this
campaign with no money no organization
and frankly very few people in Ohio for
the rest of the country
well we have come in six and a half
months
way out over 300,000 people to rallies
like this all over america thousands of
volunteers in every state in this
country when the pundits and the experts
said you know you can't run a serious
political campaign without a super PAC
without raising money from corporations
and millionaires we are doing
proud to tell you that as of today we
have approximately 800,000 Americans
made individual contributions to our
campaign
contribution that any campaign in the
history of america at this point in a
campaign
campaign
money money we don't need
and we're very simply enter the turn
aesthetic few moments ago
very serious problems and the american
people gone that establishment politics
and establishment economics is not going
to solve those problems
understand is that a time when Wall
Street in corporate America and large
campaign donors have so much power
people instinctively understand that no
president not burning send is not
anybody else I'll be enormous problems
that we face the web people know and
what campaign it's not just selecting a
president it is creating a political
revolution
in the last election sixty-three percent
of the American people didn't vote
percent of young people didn't vote vast
majority of low-income working people
didn't vote what our job and it's not an
easy job to reach out to tens of
millions of Americans who are working in
many cases longer hours for low wages
sometimes they can afford to feed their
kids they can't afford to send their
kids to college I would draw is to reach
out to bring people together black and
white Hispanic Asian Americans gay and
straight
country people who immigrated to this
country because we lose we cannot
accomplish that's what
people in this country and when we come
together we can defeat but people with
money
all over this country given a lot of
speeches and one of the best compliments
I've received came from a guy I think
was out on the west coast he said you
know burning what I like about you is
your treating us like we are intelligent
people campaign is about fancy gimmicks
me tell you all kinds of jokes can't do
that are not much of a sense of humor
tell you all about my beautiful family
of my beautiful grandchildren but what I
will do with you which we don't do
enough simply lay on the table
the most serious issues facing our
country
that is what democracy is about
democracy is not what the media thinks
it is it's not a soap opera it's not a
baseball game because of what the polls
are done matter what what democracy is
about presumably is also talking about
the issues that we face respectfully
respectfully arguing about those issues
then coming together to resolve those
couples remember every problem that we
face was caused by human decisions every
problem that we face can be overcome by
better decisions
talking about an issue the talking about
for a very long time and I am happy that
now we are beginning to see more and
more people discuss it and that is the
issue of the grotesque level of income
and wealth inequality that exists in
america today what's going on plain and
simple
in the United States today we have more
income and wealth inequality that almost
any major country on earth and it is
worse today than at any time since 1928
today the extent of the problem today in
America the top one tenth of one percent
1% one-tenth of one percent almost as
much well as the bottom 90%
one but Walton family of Walmart more
wealth than the bottom forty percent of
the American people
in the last two year but fourteen
wealthiest people in this country have
seen their wealth increase by a hundred
and fifty six billion dollars more
wealth is owned in a targeted by the
bottom hundred and thirty million
Americans
in vermont all across this country and I
see it as like crap you got people who
are not working one job of putting out
was working two jobs maybe they're
working three jobs husbands are working
why it wasn't working kids of working
all trying to cobble together the income
they need does the slaying the body
health care put gas in the car to pay
the electric bills and yet today in
America 58% of new income 58% is going
to the top one percent
campaign is simply site is creating an
economy that works for all of us and not
just million head billion
and there's campaign is sending a simple
and straightforward message that the
billionaire place and that is in america
when people the power
billion class will not happen
children go hungry
not continue sending our jobs to China
when millions of people are in desperate
need of good paying work here in America
they will not give huge compensation
packages to the CEOs of large
corporations when they cut the wages and
pensions and health care
and let me just recognize I think some
of the teamster friends
all over this country a promise that was
made to tens of thousands of workers in
guaranteeing them their pensions if you
have anything to say about it and Marcy
Kaptur of Ohio when I do to make sure
that will not be caught
what's going on in america we have to
take a deep breath just take a hard look
at what we see around us
I see I see that today our economy is in
fact better than it was when george bush
left office
something our republican friends we
shouldn't be too hard on them because
they suffer from a very serious illness
called amnesia they could get public in
friends are listening
try to overcome let me remind you of
seven years ago before Obama and Biden
took office
my Republican friends say well you know
we're only going to 250,000 jobs a month
not enough they're right but it's a hell
of a lot better to grow 250,000 jobs
than 200,000 jobs
my Republican colleagues against
suffering from this very seriously they
worry about the deficit not as a serious
problem but they forgot when bush left
office we had a record-breaking one
point four trillion dollar deficit we've
cut that but true
and by the way when bush left office the
American and international financial
system was on the verge of collapse
just in passing we might want to mention
that
the truth is we have made significant
progress in the last seven years against
unprecedented republican obstructionism
on the democratic president and
republican presidents the great middle
class of our country once the envy of
the entire world has in fact been
disappearing despite exploding
technology and increased worker
productivity median family income today
is almost $4,000 less than it was in
1999 and in and the dollars we have
millions of people working men and women
who are earning less money than was the
case thirty or forty years ago that's
the reality
so the question to ask ourselves is how
does it happen that when workers are
producing more because of exploding
technology they are earning less and
working longer hours we are going and
let me tell you something else we talk
about the economy
every month us' government issues a
report on unemployment and what you see
on the front page of the paper thought
official unemployment which actually is
about 5% but what you don't see is that
if you add to that 5% people who have
given up looking for work or people who
are working part time when they want to
work full time real unemployment is
close to 10 percent
that we virtually never discuss and that
is the tragedy of youth unemployment in
this country
I asked him economists' couple of months
ago to do a study for me this is what
they found him listen to this because
this is really very significant what
they fell is that for high school
graduates graduates not dropouts between
the ages of 17 and 24 white kids real
unemployment and underemployment is 33
percent for Hispanic kids 36% for
african-american kids 51% like what kids
want to graduate high school they want
to stand up on their own two feet about
to get out of the house they want to
start earning some money they want to
become independent they want to
slaughter Korea wanna become adults but
when half of the african-american kids
in this country and its cities like
Cleveland that number may even be on
white kids in this country are unable to
stand on their own two feet and get out
and get a decent job bad things begin to
happen
anybody here there is a direct
correlation between outrageously high
youth unemployment and the fact that we
as a nation have more people in jail
than any other country on earth you
would be mistaking
tell you i think is the most common
sense but it's out there and that is
that instead of investing in jails and
cost erection maybe we should invest in
jobs and education
billion dollars a year
blocking our people why don't we take a
fraction of but and use it to create
jobs for young people hanging out on
street corners
heck of a lot less money to send
somebody to the University of Ohio that
put him in jail
right there at the end of my first term
as president the United States of
America will not have more people in
jail than any other country we're going
to have the best in the world
economy brothers and sisters it is not
only the protest level of income and
wealth inequality that's not only
unemployment it is the fact that in your
state and in my state and all over this
country people working longer hours for
low wages and they're working at wages
that do not sustain themselves or their
families and there are people all
working 40 hours a week and then they
have to go to the food shelf in order to
get food to feed their families that
wage earners in america are too damn low
up seven and a quarter an hour here's a
spot wage
in this country
28 living wage 15 bucks and hour over
the next
and when we talk about fair wages I hope
every man he will stand with the women
pay equity for women working
there is no economic reason why women
are making 79 cents on the dollar
compared to men it is sex is not
acceptable
a word about family values you heard
many republicans expressing deep deep
concern
families especially very wealthy
families might contribute to their
campaigns
passionate about unquote family bounds
and everyone here knows what they mean
by family what they mean is that no
woman in America should have the right
to control her own body
and what they mean by family values is
that our gay brothers and sisters should
not have the right to get married I
disagree
senator mixture the early are very
blessed to have great kids and seven
beautiful grandchildren and my wife Jane
and I have been married for 27 years we
believe in family and we believe in
family values but our values just a
little bit different than republican
family guys talk about family values
what I am talking about is ending the
international embarrassment of the
United States of America being the only
major country on earth does not
guarantee hey Family and Medical Leave
it is not a family value to tell a woman
who has just given birth that she has to
be separated a week or two after giving
birth from her baby
has to go back to work and order to earn
the necessary income she needs to
sustain that family could cause there is
no additional income coming under here's
the good news
the good news is that in the congress in
the senate and in the house there is a
very small piece of legislation the
Family and Medical Leave Act we got
nineteen sponsors in the senate
introduced by Senator Gillibrand in the
house we have over a hundred introduced
by congresswoman rosa DeLauro and what
this legislation says of what I strongly
believe is that in America we will
guarantee every family three months of
pay
to those families
third of the income they were and we do
that all the cost of about $1 3800 week
not a bit price to pay a buck 38 a week
my hope is that every candidate for
president especially those who talk
about family values will come on board
and support legislation
when we talk about the economy and when
pollsters go out in the cold
what is on your mind what is on the
minds of the american people always
always always the answer is jobs and the
economy because people understand how
volatile the economy as they understand
that if you up 55 years of age you can
go to work tomorrow and your boss could
say well for thirty years of work joke
but we were facing you with somebody
half your age and half and they
understand that if you're a college
graduate
it is hard to get work commensurate with
your education
high school kid drop out it is hard to
find any work in any way that is why in
my view given unemployment
underemployment the outrageous level
youth unemployment
the federal government must undertake a
massive federal jobs program to put our
people back to work
we should firing teachers and child care
workers
our infrastructure roads bridges water
systems wastewater plants our rail
system our airports all levels and else
in many safe are collapsing we can
create millions of decent paying jobs
rebuilding our infrastructure and output
by the way and let me say this very
clearly to the folks in Ohio when we
talk about jobs it's not only creating
good-paying jobs it is preventing the
loss of good-paying jobs because of
disastrous trade policies
congressman and a senator who proudly
tells you he voted against nafta against
permanent normal trade relations
helped lead the effort to defeat this
disastrous trans-pacific partnership
corporate america likes it or not
they're investing in the United States
of America creating jobs here not just
in China and Vietnam
when we use words like greed and fraud
and dishonesty and allergens these are
just a few of the adjectives we can use
to describe Wall Street
everybody here knows is that the greed
and recklessness and the illegal
behavior on Wall Street pro this country
into the worst economic downturn since
the Great Depression and what happened
is that millions of people jobs found
new jobs many of them lost their homes
and many people lost their life savings
making retirement
much more typical we need banking system
in this country that is part of the
probe dr economy that provides
affordable loans to small and
medium-sized businesses so they can
create jobs
need a banking system in which the 66
largest financial institutions in this
country
assets equivalent to 58 percent of the
GDP of America 6 financial institutions
which issue two-thirds of the credit
cards
one-third of the mortgages when you have
financial institutions and water that
have so much economic power so much
political power during the effort to
deregulate Wall Street which helped lead
the opposition to they spent Wall Street
spent five billion dollars over a
ten-year period on lobbying and campaign
contributions when you have an entity
like water which has so much economic
and political power which is making so
many campaign contributions to super
PACs Democrats and Republicans the
answer to what we have to do is obvious
and that is reestablished glass steagle
break up
financial institutions of Bible Way
three out of the four largest financial
institutions in this country today are
bigger now than they were when we bailed
him out because they were too big to
fail financial institution is too big to
fail it is too big to exist
legislation to take marijuana out of the
controlled substance
number of reasons most importantly over
the last many many years hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of people have
been arrested for possessing marijuana
and they get police records
police record it makes life difficult it
makes it much harder to go out and get a
jet go get a job it makes it harder to
find housing to get the same credit and
in some cases people ended up in jail so
I find it very interesting in terms of a
broken criminal justice system might
find interesting that hundreds of
thousands of people have criminal
records for possessing marijuana but not
one CEO on wall street criminal record
bring major major reforms a broken
criminal justice system we should not be
a country in which we have banks too big
to fail and bankers too big to jail
I am asked you know bernie which
particular issue is the most important I
can never answer them because all of
these issues are so terribly important
but there is one issue which impacts all
other issues and that is five years ago
the Supreme Court in one of the worst
decisions ever made in the history of
the Supreme Court 524 on the Citizens
United case
the wealthiest people in this country
they said guys you already own
much of the economy now we're going to
allow you to purchase United States
government and that is what they are
trying to do right now
very proud to tell you i'ma former
chairman of the USS Senate Committee on
Veterans Affairs we worked very hard to
protect the interests of our veterans
talk to some wonderful people were
fought in World what career in vietnam
only through Iraq and Afghanistan and
these people have put their lives on the
line and of course many of our soldiers
never came home to defend american
democracy american democracy is not
about billionaire's buying elections
a situation where the second wealthiest
families in this country the Koch
brothers in a few of their friends
heard the Koch brothers and spend some
900 million dollars in an election cycle
more money the Democratic or Republican
Party will spend that is not democracy
that is oligarchy and we thought
that I make you know nominee of mine to
the supreme court will get that position
unless he or she is loud and clear in
saying they will vote to overturn
Citizens United
democracy together we are going to stand
up and tell republican governors and
legislators they will not get away with
suppressing the vote
people old people young people that they
cannot vote because
on line for hours in order to exercise
their democratic right to vote we are
going through a constitutional amendment
or some other way we are going to reach
the day went simply and
straightforwardly anybody 18 years of
age or older have the right to vote and
the discussion
don't have the guts to participate in
free and fair elections these cowards
should get another job
in America in which we have not one of
the lowest voter turnout in the
industrialized world but one
to make it easy for people to
participate in the political process not
hard
in a very competitive global economy and
in that context it makes 0 sense to me
that we are hundreds of thousands of
bright and qualified young people who
want to go to college who shot the in
college but can't go to college for one
reason and that is their families lack
the
should be about and that is why I have
introduced legislation and will make
happen its president a process in which
every public college and university in
america is 23
appreciate what that is about telling
every kid in Cleveland and in burlington
vermont that no matter what your income
if you study hard if you do your
schoolwork seriously you will be able to
get a college education
and we are also going to deal with the
outrage of millions of people having
high interest rates on their student
debt
nonsense to be there people are paying
68 10 12 14 percent interest rates on
student debt when you can refinance a
home for three or four percent
people with student that to get the
lowest possible interest rates they can
find
providing the public colleges
universities and lowering student
interest rates an expensive proposition
we are going to pay for that by imposing
a tax on wall street
as a result of their greed and
recklessness crashed they came running
to the congress and begging us to bail
now to help the middle class
when we talk about our responsibilities
as adults as citizens as parents one of
those responsibilities is to make sure
that really future generations a planet
that is healthy and a half
the debate over climate change is real
causing devastating problems and we have
a moral responsibility to work with
countries around the world to transform
our energy system away from fossil fuel
to energy efficiency
and if we do not do that but the
scientists tell us the end of this
century this planet will be up to five
degrees warmer than it is today
more droughts or floods more extreme
weather disturbances we have a moral
responsibility to make sure that does
not happen
and when we talk about where we should
also recognize that today the united
states of america is the only major
country on earth does not guarantee
health care to all people
on the committee that wrote the
Affordable Care Act that we have made
some good progress in this country
through the Affordable Care Act we can
and we must do
29 million people still have health
insurance and many more are underinsured
with large deductibles and co-payments
major country on earth can guarantee
health care to all of their people in a
much more cost effective way than we do
how can the united states of america
can't do that
when we gone through an issue which is
also very much on our minds and ideas as
a nation the understanding that we have
got to put an end to institutional
racism
not just talking about very sick
individuals some months ago for example
walked into a church Bible study class
in Charleston South Carolina just killed
nine people because of the color of
their skin and I'm not talking about and
it was only able to be thinking about
this we have hundreds of organizations
in this country whose sole function is
to push forward
Americans hatred against immigrants
hatred against catholics hatred against
Jews that's what they do but I'm not
just talking about that what I am
talking about is the fact that in this
country we have seen and we've seen much
too often too many african-americans on
all killed by the police when and cost
two other sons are bland and Michael
Brown or a keyboard or called horrible
pretty great arrives
I do not want to read about or see and
you do not want to read about was see
children being shot because they have a
choice gun
continue to see over 100 bullets being
shot into a call
the largest city in the state of Vermont
Burlington Vermont I had the privilege
of working with our police lawmen and
let me tell you what I think most of you
know most police officers are honest and
hardworking and do it very difficult job
many of them are under pain they have
crazy schedules but also very clear and
that is when any police officer any
public official breaks the law that must
be held accountable
tonight no president will work harder
than I and ending institutional racism
in this country and in report for
forming a very very broke in criminal
justice system
a few of the things that have to be done
first thought we have got to
demilitarize our police departments
television local police look like
they're invading the community they are
supposed to be serviced good or good
police department and there are many of
them are part of the community are
trusted by the community on not seen
there's a foreign invading force
that reflect the diversity of the
communities they serve
allowable use Outlaws Late Late is the
last resort not the first one
introduced legislation to do this
of private corporations making profits
by building and running prisons and
detention
drug and medical and mental health
intervention
addiction should be seen as an illness
and treated as such
today from prison to civil society
and when we talk about issues facing our
country I want everybody here not to
forget that there are 11 million people
in this country today who are
undocumented who are living in fear and
living in the shuttle's
people mosque how the rights of legal
status we must pass comprehensive
immigration
and we must follow a path toward
citizenship
hope what I hope that we can do as a
nation and as a people is to think big
not small we are many people don't know
what we today on the wealthiest nation
in the history of the world most people
don't know that because almost all of
the well is resting in the hands of a
few I would say that ever wealthiest
nation in the history of the world with
an enormously productive work with some
great universities and scientists and
teaches there is nothing if we put our
mind that we cannot accomplish don't get
yourself involved in a world view which
says well do we cut education by 2%
raise it by one percent that is not the
dynamic that we should be looking out is
that in the wealthiest country on earth
why is the situation existing in which
every parent to work knows that his or
her kids are in the best quality pre-k
and child care in the world
we can do it tell me why we cannot do
what many other countries do and make
sure that everybody in the country has
the ability of the file is able to get
all of the education regardless of why
can't we do
in this country we have the highest rate
of childhood poverty of almost any major
country on earth though told me we have
to have told me that the united states
that the United States has to be the
only major country not to guarantee
health care to all people provide paid
Family and Medical Leave
United States has to continue having
more income and wealth inequality than
any other major country on earth and how
corporations that make billions but we
end up paying a given year almost
nothing in taxes don't tell me that that
is what country we have to be
that we can have the best health care
system in the world for all about people
to tell me that we can lead the world in
transforming our energy system and
combating climate change
workers in america will not be losing
the patrons they were provided
and people with disabilities
well in fact see an increase in their
social security benefits not a cut
there together we will and racism sexism
but contrary we can create when we come
to go when we stand up and fight back
and when we create a dog that works for
all and not just a handful of billion
revolution