we are so excited to have we are so
excited to have with us today senator
Sanders or bernie and he is known to the
people of Vermont and others who are
feeling the burn
the point where I should ask you to turn
your phone off but I want as long as you
keep it silent we want you to continue
the conversation by tweeting at
geopolitics using the hashtag bernie at
to you now without further ado please
help me while going senator Bernie
Sanders
on this beautiful day
Shwetha wonderful introduction my
message to you all today pretty simple
one and that is our country faces
enormous problems and these problems are
not going to be solved if people turn
away from political struggle of people
throw up their hands and thus parents i
dont wanna get involved it's all crap
you are getting a great education here
in Georgetown and I hope very much you
will learn use what you have learned
here to fight to create a better world
and to follow in the traditions of so
many people for so many years have
struggled to create a more democratic
and just society let me take you now
back to the 1937 and in his inaugural
address in the midst of the Great
Depression President Franklin Delano
Roosevelt looked out at the nation
that's the discoverable depression and
this is what he saw and talked about in
his inaugural
tens of millions of people denied the
basic necessities of life he saw
millions of families trying to live on
incomes so meager that the ball a family
disaster home over them every single day
he saw millions of his fellow Americans
denied education recreation and the
opportunity to better their lot in the
lot of their children he saw millions
lack
the means to buy the products they
needed and Biovail poverty by their lack
of disposable income denying employment
too many other millions because when you
don't have money to spend
you're not creating jobs for other
people he saw one third of a nation in
house Bill Clyde and ill and he acted
against the ferocious opposition of the
ruling class of his day people he called
the economic royalists roosevelt
implemented a series of programs that
put millions of Americans back to work
took them out of dire poverty and
restored their faith in government he
redefined the relationship of the
federal government to the people of our
nation he combat it
citizenM fear and despair he
reinvigorated democracy he transformed
our country and that is exactly what we
have to do today and by the way almost
everything he proposed almost every
program every idea he introduced was
called socialist
I thought I would mention that just in
passing
social security which all of you know
transformed life was senior citizens in
this country was defined by his
opponents as socialist the concept of
the minimum wage that workers had to be
paid at least certain amount of money
for their labor was seen as a radical
intrusion into the marketplace and was
described as socialist unemployment
insurance when you lose your job you
have something to fall back upon
abolishing child labor and the fact that
children of eight ten twelve years of
age were working in factories are
working in the fields the 40 hour work
week collective bargaining the rights of
workers to engage in negotiations with
the union
banking regulations deposit insurance
and job programs that put millions of
people to work for all described in one
way or another as socialist yet as you
all know all of these programs and many
more have become the fabric of our
nation and in fact the foundation of our
middle class thirty years later after
Roosevelt's speech at the nineteen
sixties President Lyndon Johnson 44
medicare and medicaid
to provide health care to millions of
senior citizens and families with
children
persons with disabilities and some of
the most vulnerable people in this
country today medicaid does not seem to
be such a terribly radical idea to save
them when somebody gets old they should
have medical insurance but when it was
proposed once again we're hired
right-wing forces describe these
programs as socialistic and a threat to
the American Way of life that was then
now is now today in the year 2000 in 15
despite the Wall Street Crash of 2008
which drove this country into the worst
economic downturn since the Great
Depression the American people are
clearly better off economically than
they were in 1937 but here is a very
hard truth that we must acknowledge we
must address we must not sweep under the
rock and that is despite a huge increase
in technology and I i was mayor of the
City of Burlington Vermont anybody hear
from Vermont
in the nineteen eighties a radical
development took place we got computers
in city hall nineteen eighties despite a
huge increase in technology and worker
productivity meeting that almost every
worker in america with that technology
is producing a lot more than workers
that came before despite major growth
GDP and a huge increase in the global
economy
hands of millions of American families
continued today to lack the basic
necessities of life while millions more
struggle every day to provide a minimum
standard of living for their families
and I hope none of you will turn your
back on that reality and the truth is
and again this is a truth we must put on
the table yes we are better off today
economically than we were seven years
ago when bush left office but the other
truth is that for the last forty years
or two years on the republican
leadership and democratic leadership the
great middle class of our country has
been in decline and faith in our
political system is now extremely low
new technology increase worker
productivity productivity people work
longer hours for low wages faith in our
political system now extremely low the
very rich get richer almost everyone
else gets super PACs funded by
billionaire has by elections Koch
brothers alone in a few of their friends
will spend more money in this election
cycle than either the Democratic or
Republican Party's
ordinary people working people young
people don't vote we have any economic
and political crisis in this country and
the same old same old politics and
economics will not effectively address
those crises if we are serious about
transforming our country and I hope all
of you are serious about transforming
our country if we are serious about
rebuilding the American middle class if
we are serious about reinvigorating
american democracy we need to develop a
political movement which once again is
prepared to take on and defeat a ruling
class whose greed is destroying our
nation
terms like ruling class probably
Georgetown
and in my view the billionaire class
must be told loudly and clearly that
they cannot have it all our government
belongs to all of us not just a handful
of billionaires
politics and culture which has reminded
us can not just be based on the worship
of money we must not accept a nation in
which billionaire's compete as to the
size of their super yachts while
children in america go hungry and
veterans men and women will put their
lives on the line to defend us sleep out
on the streets today in America we all
the wealthiest nation in the history of
the world but few Americans know that
because so much of the new income and
wealth is going to the people on top in
fact over the last thirty years there
has been a massive redistribution of
wealth problem is it has gone in the
wrong direction
trillion dollars from the hands of
working families and the middle class to
the top one tenth of one percent a
handful of people top one-tenth of one
percent who have seen a doubling of the
percentage of the wealth that they own
during that period doubling of the
percentage wealth they are unbelievably
and grotesquely the top one tenth of one
percent today nearly as much well as the
bottom 90% one-tenth of one percent owns
nearly as much well as the bottom 90%
that is not the kind of america that we
should accept
I can tell you that in my state of
Vermont and all over this country it is
absolutely not uncommon to see people
working two jobs or three jobs the
cobble together the income of the health
care they and their families need in
fact americans work longer hours than do
the people of any other industrialized
country but despite the fact that all
people are working so hard I go around
the country and I see a lot of working
people and you can see the stress and
exhaustion on their faces their work
increasing our husbands hardly see wives
people don't have the quality time for
their kids because the working so hard
just to bring up bringing the income to
survive event despite all of that
despite our people working so hard D
eight percent of all new income
generated today is going to the top one
percent today in america is the middle
class continues to disappear median
family income is 40 $100 less than it
was in 1999 the median male worker made
over $700 less than he did forty two
years ago in inflation-adjusted dollars
you know why people are angry they are
angry because they are working terribly
hard and getting real inflation-adjusted
dollars they are earning less and they
look at all over a nice I'm what's
happening why you stopped but it's not
just last year the media fame female
worker earned more than $1,000 less than
she did in 2000 and seven and 58 percent
of all new income goes to the top one
percent today in America the wealthiest
country in the history of the world
that's what we ought today more than a
half of older workers
have 0 retirement savings think about
that you are 50 55 years of age and
youth we can all right how much to
retire but because my wages have gone
down I have zero in the bank for
retirement and at the same time all over
america you got millions of seniors and
people with disabilities trying to
survive on twelve or thirteen thousand
dollars a year
social security from Ramon California
older workers are scared to death and
they are saying how am I gonna retire
with dignity and i wanna love you can
get your calculators out not now when
you leave you do some arithmetic and try
to put yourself in the place of a senior
citizen in my state of Vermont gets cold
in the winter
trying to supply pump $13,000 a year and
you tell me how you are going to pay for
the food that you need your home and by
the medicine that you need and you know
what you can't do it today in America
nearly 47 million people are living in
poverty and over 20% of our children
including 36 percent of african-american
kids are living in poverty the highest
rate of childhood poverty of almost any
nation on earth and what I want you to
think about is why is it in the
wealthiest country in the history of the
world where we're seeing the
proliferation of millionaires and
billionaires we have the highest rate of
childhood poverty of almost any major
country on Earth today in America 29
million americans have no health
insurance and even more are underinsured
with outrageously high co-payments and
deductibles in other words people do
have insurance but I talk to people
every day I got a $5,000 deductible
8,000 although they can't go to the
doctor when they need and then on top of
that for a wide variety of reasons our
people pay the highest prices in the
world for prescription drugs and doctors
tell me all of the time we prescribe
something I medicine for all patients
they can't afford to fill that medicine
that prescription one out of five
Americans cannot afford to fill the
prescriptions their doctors right what
insanity is that today in America youth
unemployment and underemployment is over
35% for african-american kids it is over
50% meanwhile we have more people in
jail than any other country China
communist authoritarian country four
times our size we have more people in
jail than China and countless lives are
being destroyed as we spend eighty
billion dollars a year
locking up our fellow Americans the
bottom line is that today in America we
not only have massive wealth and income
inequality but a power structure built
around that inequality which protects
those who have the money today a handful
of super-wealthy campaign contributors
have enormous influence over the
political process while their lobbyists
determine much of what goes on in
congress and any member of the United
States House or Senate
who is prepared to tell you the truth
will tell you exactly that now in 1944
in his State of the Union speech
President Roosevelt outlined what he
called a second bill of rights are all
familiar with our bill arrives and what
roosevelt outline was what he called a
second bill of rights
this is in my view one of the more
importance pitchers ever made by a
president but unfortunately it has not
gotten the attention that it deserves so
I'm gonna give it some attention today
in his remarkable speech this is what
roosevelt stated and i quote we have
come to a clear realization of the fact
that true individual freedom cannot
exist without economic security and
independence just sensitive men and we
would add women are not free men and
women and of course in other words real
freedom must include economic security
that was roosevelt's vision seventy
years ago it is my vision today it is a
vision that we have not yet achieved and
it is time that we did
in that speech roosevelt described
economic rights are I G H T S writes
that he believed every american was
entitled to the right to a decent job at
the same page the right to adequate food
clothing and time off from work
the right for every business large and
small to function in an atmosphere free
from unfair competition and domination
by monopolies the right of all Americans
to have a decent home and decent health
care what roosevelt was stating in 1944
what martin luther king junior stated in
similar terms twenty years later and
what I believe today is that true
freedom does not occur without economic
security people are not free
they are not truly free when they are
unable to feed their family they are not
truly free when they are unable to
retire with dignity they are not truly
free when they are unemployed
underemployed or when they are exhausted
by working 60 70 hours a week people are
not truly free when they don't know how
they're going to get medical help when
they or a family member are sick so let
me take this opportunity to to find for
you simply and straightforwardly what
democratic socialism means to me it
means building on what franklin delano
roosevelt said when he fought for
guaranteed economic rights for all
americans and it builds on what martin
luther king junior said in 1968 when he
stated and i quote this country has
socialism for the rich and rugged
individualism for the pool and of course
few democratic socialism builds on the
success of many other countries around
the world who have done a far better job
than we have in protecting the deeds of
their working families they are elderly
citizens their children they are sick
and their pool democratic socialism
means that we must reform political
system which is corrupt that we must
create an economy that works law not
just the very wealthy democratic
socialism to my mind speaks to a system
which for example during the nineteen
eighties and I want you to hear this
allowed Wall Street to spend by billion
dollars over a ten-year period in
lobbying and campaign contributions in
order to get deregulated they wanted the
government of their backs they wanted to
do whatever they wanted to do
spent five billion dollars over a
ten-year period on lobbying and campaign
contributions then ten years later after
their greed and recklessness and illegal
behavior led to their collapse
what our system enables them to do is to
get bailed out by the United States
government which through Congress and
the Fed provided trillions of dollars in
aid to wall street in other words
wall street use their wealth and power
to get Congress to do their bidding for
deregulation and then when Wall Street
collapse they use their wealth and power
to get bailed out quite a system and
then to add insult to injury we were
told that not only were the banks too
big to fail we were told that the
bankers were too big to jail
this is the system young people who get
caught possessing marijuana they get
police records and many many hundreds of
thousands of them have received police
records which have impacted they live in
very serious ways on the other hand Wall
Street CEOs who helped destroy the
economy they don't get police records
they get raises in their salaries and
this is what dr. Martin Luther King jr.
meant when he talked about socialism for
the rich and rugged individualism for
everyone else in my view it is time we
had democratic socialism for working
families doctors for Wall Street
billionaires and large corporations it
means that we should not be providing
well fail for corporations it means that
we should not be providing huge tax
breaks for the wealthiest people in this
country or trade policies which boost
corporate profits while they result in
workers losing their jobs it means that
we create a government works works for
all of the american people not just
powerful special interests it means that
economic rights must be an essential
part of what America stands for among
many other things it means that health
care should be a right of all people not
a privilege
I know there are some people out there
wasn't this is just a incredibly radical
I imagine in the United States of
America all of us having health care is
a right but I hope all of you know this
is not a radical idea it is a
conservative idea it is an idea and a
practice that exists in every major
country on earth you know not just in
Scandinavia Denmark Sweden Norway it
exists in Canada I live fifty miles away
from Canada France Germany Taiwan all
over the world countries have made the
determination that all of their people
are entitled to health care and I
believe the time is long overdue for the
United States to join the rest of the
world
for all single-payer program which i
support would not only guarantee health
care for people not only save
middle-class families and our entire
nation significant sums of money because
all of you should know that our health
care system is by far the most expensive
per capita of any system on earth but a
Medicare for All single-payer program
would radically improve the lives of all
Americans and bring about significant
improvements in our economy
think about it people who get sick will
not have to worry about paying a
deductible or making a co-payment
radical idea when they are sick they can
actually go to the doctor and not end up
in the emergency room at a much greater
expense to the system
think about it business owners will not
have to spend enormous amounts of time
worrying about how they're going to
provide health care for their employees
think about it and we don't talk about
this very much you got millions of
workers in this country who are staying
on Jobs in jobs which they do not want
to stay in but they are there because
they have a decent health care program
for themselves and their families think
what it means when young people are
anybody else can sell you a lot this is
the job of this is what I want to do and
I'm gonna do this work and I don't have
to worry about health care because all
of us in america have health care
and by the way what a Medicare for All
system will bring about is ending the
absurdity of the american people paying
by fall the highest prices in the world
for prescription drugs now when I talk
about democratic socialism what that
means to me is that in the year two
thousand and 15 a college degree today
is equivalent to what a high school
degree was fifty years ago and what that
means is that public education must
today
allow every person in this country who
have has the ability the qualifications
and the desire the right to go to a
public college or university tuition
free
radical socialistic idea I don't think
so
it exists in many countries all over the
world and you know what used to exist in
the united states of america we are
great universities like University of
California the City University of New
York virtually tuition free democratic
socialism means that our government does
everything it can to create a full
employment economy it makes far more
sense to me to put millions of people
back to work rebuilding our crumbling
infrastructure then to have a real
unemployment rate of almost 10% it is
far smaller to invest in jobs and
educational opportunities for young
people who are unemployed then to lock
them up and invest in jails and
incarceration
products socialism means that a somebody
works 40 hours a week that person should
not be living in poverty that we must
raise the minimum wage to a living wage
15 bucks a towel over the next several
years
it means that we join the rest of the
world and pass the very strong paid
Family and Medical Leave legislation now
sitting in congress
think about this want you to see what
goes on in our country today it's not
only that every other major country
virtually every country in the world
poor countries country reached the
conclusion that when a woman has a baby
she should not be forced to be separated
from that newborn baby after a week or
two and have to go back to work making
sure that moms and dads can stay home
and get to love their babies is a family
value that we should support and that is
why I want and will fight to end the
absurdity of the United States being one
of the only countries on earth that does
not guarantee at least three months of
paid Family and Medical Leave
democratic socialism to me means that we
have government policy
strong government policy which does not
allow the greed and profiteering of the
fossil fuel industry to destroy our
environment and our planet
and it means today that we have a moral
responsibility to combat climate change
and leave this planet healthy and
habitable for our kids and our
grandchildren
democratic socialism beings that in a
democratic civilised society the
wealthiest people in the largest
corporations must pay their fair share
of taxes
yes innovation entrepreneurial ship and
business success should be rewarded by
greed for the sake of greed is not
something that public policy should
support
it is not acceptable to me that in the
last period of time last two years
fifteen of the wealthiest people in this
country fifteen people saw their wealth
increase in this room economy by a
hundred and seventy billion dollars got
it two years fifteen people a hundred
and seventy billion dollars increase in
there well that is more wealth than is
owned by the bottom one hundred and
thirty million Americans let us not
forget what Pope Francis has so
elegantly stated and i quote we have
created new idols the worship of the
Golden Calf of old has found a new and
thoughtless image in the cult of money
and the dictatorship of an economy which
is faceless and lacking any truly you
main goal and the other works
we've got to do better than that not a
political issue it's not an economic
issue it is a cultural issue we have got
to stop worshiping people make billions
and billions and billions of dollars
while we have the highest rate of
childhood poverty of any major country
is not acceptable to me that major
corporations stashed their profits in
the Cayman Islands and other tax havens
to avoid paying one hundred billion
dollars a year in taxes it is not
acceptable that hedge fund managers pay
a lower effective tax rate for nurses or
truck drivers it is not acceptable that
billionaire families are able to leave
virtually all of their wealth to their
families without paying a reasonable
estate tax it is not acceptable that
Wall Street speculators are able
to gamble trillions of dollars in the
derivatives market without paying a
nickel in taxes on that speculation
democratic socialism to me does not just
mean that we must create a nation of
economic and social justice and
environmental Saturday of course it does
mean that but it also means that we must
create a vibrant democracy based on the
principle of one person one vote it is
extremely safe and I hope all of you
will pay a lot of attention to this
issue it is extremely sad that the
United States one of the oldest most
stable democracies in the world has one
of the lowest voter turnout of any major
country and that millions of young
people and working people have given up
on the political process entirely in the
last midterm election just a year ago
sixty-three percent of the American
people didn't vote eighty percent of
young people did not vote clearly
despite the efforts of many republican
governors who want to suppress the vote
to make it harder for people of color in
old people to participate in the
political system our job together is to
make it easier for people to vote not
hard for people to the
it is not a radical idea and I will
fight for this as hard as I can as
president to say that everyone in this
country who was 18 years of age or older
is registered to vote
end of discussion
so the next time that you hear be
attacked as a socialist like tomorrow
remember this I don't believe government
should take over the grocery store down
the street
production but I do believe that the
middle class and the working families of
this country who produce the wealth of
this country deserve a decent standard
of living and that their incomes should
go up not down I do believe in private
companies that thrive and invest and
grow in america companies that create
jobs here rather than companies that are
shutting down in america and increasing
their profits by exploiting low-wage
labor abroad
I believe that most Americans can pay
lower taxes if hedge fund managers who
make billions manipulating the market
place finally start paying the taxes
that they should I don't believe in
special treatment for the top one
percent but I do believe in equal
treatment for african-americans who are
right to proclaim the moral principle
that black lives
metal
I despise appeals to nativism and
Prejudice a lot of which we have been
hearing in recent months and I do
probably believe in immigration reform
a pathway to citizenship and a better
life
while subject let me just say real world
of concern to what I've been hearing
from some Republican candidates for
president in recent months people can
have honest disagreements about
immigration or anything else
democracy but people should not be using
the political process to inject racism
into the debate
Donald Trump and others referred to
latinos as people from mexico is
criminals and rapists if they want to
open that door our job is to shut that
door and shut it tight
this country has gone to fall too many
people have suffered too many people
have died for us to continue during
races words coming from major political
leaders now I don't believe in some
foreign is but I do believe in american
idealism and one of the pleasures of
experience on this campaign so far being
here today with you
the country huge numbers of young people
were coming
want to make this country better want to
use their intelligence in their energy
to address the many problems that we
have so I want to thank all of the young
people
country idealism do not become I am NOT
running for president because it is my
turn I was born in a three and a half
will apartment in a working-class family
in Brooklyn New York I don't think
by the way I visited California and
seriousness it is quite my turn that's
not why I'm running for president but I
am running for president in order for
all of us to be able to live in a nation
of hope and opportunity not for some but
for my seven grandchildren and for all
of you
nobody understood the connection between
american strength at home and our
ability to defend america around the
world and that is why he proposed a
second bill of rights in 1944 up any
said in that very same state of the
union and I quote again america's own
rightful place in the world depends in
large part upon health fully these and
similar rights have been carried into
practice for all our citizens for unless
there is security here at home there
cannot be lasting peace lasting peace in
the world and I am NOT running for
president
to pursue reckless adventures abroad but
to rebuild america's strength at home I
will never hesitate to defend this
nation but I will never send our sons
and daughters to war under false
pretense or pre cancers about dubious
battles with no end in sight
and as we discuss foreign policy I know
that all of you share with me your shock
horror at what happened in Paris and you
share with me your condolences to the
families who lost loved ones in your
hopes and prayers that those who were
wounded will recover and also those same
thoughts go out to the families of those
who lost loved ones in the russian like
that we believe I was taken down by
indices bomb and also those who lost
their lives to terrorist attacks in
lebanon and elsewhere to my mind it is
clear that the United States must pursue
policies to destroy the brutal and to
create conditions that prevent fanatical
extremist ideologies from flourishing
but we cannot and should not do it alone
our response must begin with an
understanding of past mistakes and
missteps in our previous approaches to
foreign policy it begins with the
acknowledgement that unilateral military
action should be a last resort not a
first resort
and ill-conceived military decisions
such as the invasion of Iraq can wreak
far-reaching devastation and
destabilization over regions for decades
that the found policy decisions of the
past
russia into war regime change in Iraq
war toppling Mohammad Mossadegh in I ran
in 1953 was the president CIA and others
got rid of them to protect British
Petroleum interests the Shah of Iran's
came in a brutal dictator and he was
thrown out by the Islamic Revolution and
that is where we are and I ran today
decisions have consequences orphan
unintended consequences so whether it
was saddam hussein
attack or Guatemalan President events in
1954 Guatemalan Brazilian President
galore in 1964 Chilean President
Salvador Allende in 1973 this type of
regime change this type of throwing
overthrowing governments we may not like
all thing does not work often makes a
bad and difficult decision even worse
these are lessons we must learn
after World War 2 ww2 in response to the
fear of soviet aggression European
nations and the United States
established nato the north american
Treaty Organization an organization
based on shared interests and goals and
the notion of a collective defense
against a common enemy it is my belief
that we must expand on these ideals and
solidify our commitments to work
together to combat the global threat of
terror we must create a new organization
like nato to confront the security
threats of the 21st century and
organization that emphasizes cooperation
and collaboration to defeat the rise of
violent extremism any importantly to
address the root causes on the line
these brutal acts we must work with our
nato partners we must work to expand the
coalition with russia and we must work
with members of the Arab League but let
us be very clear while the United States
and other Western nations how bush
strength of our military and our
political system's the fight against
Isis is a struggle for the soul of Islam
and countering violent extremism and
destroying Isis must be drawn primarily
by Muslim nations with the strong
support of their global partners
long before Paris but I am very happy to
tell you that these same sentiments have
been echoed by people like Jordan's King
Abdullah the second in a speech just
Sunday in which he said that terrorism
is the greatest threat to our region the
gulf region Middle East and that Muslims
must lead the fight against he noted
that confronting extremism is both a
regional and international
responsibilities and that it is
incumbent on Muslim nations and
communities to confront those who seek
to hijack their societies and their
religion with generations of intolerance
and violent ideology and let me
congratulate King Abdullah not only for
his wise remarks but also for the role
that his small country is playing only
for his wise remarks but also for the
role that his small country is playing
in attempting to address the horrific to
combat Isis
to seal the borders that fighters are
currently flowing across to share
counterterrorism intelligence to turn
off the spigot of terrorist financing
end-to-end support for exploiting
extremist ideologies and what does that
mean what it means is that in many cases
we must ask more from those countries in
the Gulf region while Jordan Turkey
Egypt and Lebanon in their own ways have
accepted their responsibilities for
taking in Syrian refugees other
countries in the region have done
nothing or very little equally important
and this is a point that may make some
people uncomfortable but it is a client
that must be made countries in the
region like Saudi Arabia Kuwait Qatar
the UAE countries of enormous wealth and
resources have contributed far too
little in the fight against Isis that
must change
absolutely right when he says the Muslim
nations must lead the fight against and
that includes and must include some of
the most wealthy and powerful nations in
the region to this point have done too
little Saudi Arabia turns out has the
third largest defense budget in the
world yet instead of fighting I says
they are focused more on a campaign to
oust I ran back hootie rebels in Yemen
Kuwait a country whose ruling family was
restored to power by the United States
driving saddam hussein's iraq out of
kuwait has been a well-known kuwait
people in kuwait have been well known
sources of financing for Isis and other
violent extremists it has been reported
the cutoff will spend up to two hundred
billion dollars on the 2000 and 22 World
Cup including the construction of an
enormous number of facilities to host
that event 200 billion on hosting a
soccer event yet very little to fight
Isis were still it has been widely
reported that the government there has
not been vigilant in stemming the flow
of terrorist financing and the Qatari
individuals and organizations funnel
money to some of the most extreme
terrorist groups in the region all this
has got to change
wealthy and powerful Muslim nations in
the region can no longer sit on the
sidelines and expect the United States
our young men in
women and our taxpayers to do it for
them they have got to come up to the
plate
as we develop a strongly coordinated
effort we need a commitment from these
countries that the fight against Isis
takes precedence over the religious and
ideological differences that handful the
kind of cooperation that we desperately
need further we all understand that
Bashar al-assad president of syria is a
brutal dictator who has lauded many of
his own people I am pleased that we saw
last weekend
diplomats from all over the world known
as the International serious support
group set a timetable for a syrian-led
political transition with an open and
fair election these are the promising
beginnings of a collective effort to end
the bloodshed and move toward a
political transition in Syria the double
up diplomatic plan for Assad transition
from paula is a good step in a united
front but our major priority must be to
defeat Isis nations all over the world
who share a common interest in
protecting themselves against
international terrorism must make the
destruction of Isis the highest priority
nations in the region must admit that
instead of turning a blind eye they will
commit their resources to preventing the
free flow of terrorists financials and
fighters to Syria and Iraq we need a
commitment that they will count the
violent rhetoric that fuels terrorism
river that often occurs within their
borders
this is the model which we must pursue
in order to address the global threats
that we face while individual donations
obviously have historic dispute the
united states and russia now very strong
differences of opinion on some very
serious issues I ran in saudi arabia to
put it mildly
do not like each other but the time is
now to do everything possible to put
aside those differences to work toward a
common goal of destroying Isis sadly as
we have seen recently no country is
immune from attacks by the violent
organization called Isis does we must
work with our partners in europe the
Gulf region Africa and Southeast Asia
all along the way
asking the hard questions whether their
actions are serving how unified purpose
the bottom line is that I says must be
destroyed but it cannot be defeated by
the United States alone a new and
effective coalition must be formed with
the Muslim nations leading the effort on
the ground while the United States and
other major forces provide the support
they need
let me conclude once again thanking all
of you for being here today all across
this country is elimination from the
political process people look to
washington and they throw their hands up
and they say what in God's name is going
on there why you are into our senators
and congressmen paying attention to our
needs why are we developing a rational
farm policy rather than talking again
about getting involved in the Middle
East which could lead to perpetual
conclude just by saying this the
problems that we face as a nation are
indeed very very serious like talk talk
talk on some there's a lot we haven't
even touched upon but by in large
all of these problems were caused by bad
human decisions if we come together if
we stand together if we do not allow
ourselves to be divided up by race by
whether we gave weather wish rate was
born in America we weren't born in
america whether a male or female if we
stand together and if we focus on how we
can create same foreign policy how we
can rebuild the middle class how we can
combat climate change how we can create
a nation in which we end racism and
homophobia if we are prepared to do that
if you as young people are prepared to
engage in the political process I have
no doubt that there is nothing nothing
nothing that together we cannot
accomplish thank you all very much