dollars every year to lock up fellow
Americans are clearly we can do a lot
better but we are not going to do a lot
better unless we break through some old
ideas and that's what this panel's about
this is a great pile of what we're going
to do after our panelists speak we're
going to open it up to you all talked
for a while and it was your ideas
this is gonna be a town meeting an
informal discussion to address a very
very serious issue and I without further
ado let me introduce the old woman who
has been a champion not just on this
issue comes from Cleveland but on issues
impacting glowing common working people
you know in america today their issues
were allowed to talk about issues were
not allowed to talk about poverty is one
of the issues apparently there were not
allowed to talk about
despite the fact that we have forty
seven million people living in poverty
center dot
does talk about poverty does talk about
the needs of working people does talk
about a broken criminal justice system
and we are so delighted that she's a lot
about campaign senator needed
country in this country
the problems that are facing this nation
are generational issues
Ohio State University President of the
United States
the land of the free home of the brave
come back home and we have a problem
that is going to take
middle-class black and brown
important that we all take a look at
what is happening in the criminal
justice system and start to treat folks
who come back out of that system and
welcome them back into our communities
and help them to be able to live out
their greatest greatness we do that
together
people who have their lives and orally
transforming their lives using their
lives to make sure that younger people
do not go through the same experiences
that they have gone through and I have
and I would hope all of you have just
the enormous respect for the courage
determination that they have shown so it
gives be a great deal of honor and a
privilege to introduce jerome miller is
a form of conflict has been in
penitentiary and he's gonna talk a
little bit about his life he's welcome
Andrew Miller
three years here in Iowa for drugs and I
have three years in Colorado for drugs I
came out in 2008 so I'm home about five
years when we did things that kept me
home is the fact that I got tired of
what was my self and I figured out stock
take control of my life I've met anybody
else write the book about troubles
school this is like the latter part of
my life is tough for me to take my book
wrapped up in it right the rest of my
story and make my happened
one of the reasons that I was able to
get out of change I did myself decided
to do things I'm studying just to stay
and that's sitting around talking just
to talk with congress has seen the probe
boy 18 months after 35 years with a team
of mandatory sentence I see the board in
eighteen months and they told me I don't
have enough time so they said we might
see next year I wrote them and say thank
you give me the opportunity I understand
have 35 years and maybe i'll be
satisfied with his eighteen months
however I will see you again and I will
continue doing the things that happened
I seen here they ask me a question is
very important question is that the
senator from Ohio had he said why should
we let you go home and I say because of
still useful please do not put me inside
the warehouse on a show and let me say I
am useful I can use my experiences that
all good to help those who unfortunately
may be traveling the way that I have
traveled five years later I am now in my
master degree in Drake I dropped out it
is great in 1988 and Gary G the New York
State Penitentiary and now again I mean
my master's degree
that most of family members are
incarcerated in the apt to go through
work-release probably would be forced to
me and when you go to 42 morning they
give you piece of paper and they tell
you to go find a job that's all they do
well I haven't been used the
penitentiary three here again and in
those three years I have been to a lot
of things and I had to learn how to deal
with with no help so I've learned how to
do with myself without those reports
that the senators were mentioning a prob
be back and I did have been exports I
own my own agency no reason why all my
own agencies because nobody would give
me a job and my job to do something
that's behavior helping to ensure I have
been apparent partner for those who
don't know that I was a people who help
other people who have lost eight
children because of drugs of choice for
them to jump through hoops at the ages
and do what they need to do to get the
children I feel great all those things
in those things keep me free I believe
that if you give somebody the
opportunity to serve special just coming
out the attack that opportunity and a
lot of them will stay
we won't see all this going back with
Dad I'm gonna pass it on to senator
thank you very much the attack
very much very honored to introduce
rueben johnson rubin similar way to draw
has also experienced the inside of a
penitentiary please welcome rueben
johnson thank you are a lot of cases a
lot of cases that does not exist does
not exist unless you have some family
support unless you have some gentleman
who have been in prison I can speak
directly to you about their experiences
nine times out of 10 they have nothing
to speak about my experience when I left
the jury in Illinois I was released from
joliet state penitentiary the day before
I was released I did not know I was
going to be released had no idea so
someone finally came to my cell said
packaged up you going home
great exciting I'm wondering what the
next steps will be driving those next
steps so when I'm when I get released I
get taken to the front door of the state
prison to await my ride they give me a
time believed it had $75 and perhaps and
that was it was a little late they tell
me to sit on a bench and weight I didn't
know what to expect
yet I was expecting something in my mind
I was like should I be getting something
is there no paperwork
steps and I need to follow when I get
back out nothing my brother comes to
pick me up his unlicensed driver he's X
fell when I get in the car he has
marijuana and drink for me
congratulations glad you home let's
party unfortunately I am impoverish I
have to go back to my home my friends
these are my friends they say man I'm
glad you're home and it went to give me
things during legal to allow me to get
some money so that they say you get back
on your feet
these are my friends enforcing this all
I had available to me at that point
that's not what I wanted but I didn't
know where else to look I felt as if I
should want something else but I didn't
know where else to look site so here I
kinda expected I would be released I
went to see the parole board similar and
in the parole board meeting they have a
list of questions that they typically
action and these are list of questions
that they axe everybody different cases
different demographics different
understandings different backgrounds
questions for everybody
eventually because I may be in 2004 the
questions so I asked the crisis in the
manner in which to parole officers and
their grandma perot that's not to say I
hadn't changed I had learned anything
why did learn something I learned what
they wanted to hear when they ask these
questions any benefit me so I was able
to be released from prison while I was
in prison have programs that you must be
a part of your response but when I'm in
prison to those programs is to show I
have to show up and sign my name that I
was here from that point I could fall
asleep the instructor does not work in
the prison he has no responsibility
whatsoever to ensure that I follow this
program or even learn from the program
he's being paid to show up and
facilitated class and he does that to my
understanding probably doesn't work out
I'll probably
he does it well so i didnt gathered that
much from that idea gained something
that I found out about it gathered that
much from that so apparent in the
granite to perot to be released
account like the same thing happened
over again I'm expecting something I
feel like something soon happen so they
tell me I'm going to work release center
he mentioned in its support to more like
okay so I understand that there will be
a little bit more development maybe some
skills training if you will I don't know
but no not not not at all you get there
you have to establish a banking account
because they want to keep track and
manage your money for you
they're nice that way they will also
give you the piece of paper that he
mentioned where you must go out and you
find a job now kinda like what's wrong
said what's wrong came out me and him
and I was able to assist him with finest
employment that he became successful way
I was able to develop him to the point
where he was able to run off on his own
to find that development that's almost
was my expect expectation in this work
release center but that's not what they
do again they'll just give you this
piece of paper and they require you to
go out and get that job I was not from
the Morni why do I knew nothing about
the morning I was a really didn't have
them when I want free and I didn't know
where employers was I didn't even have
work experience on my resume is gonna be
takin it had dropped out of school so I
don't have a full level of education
either if not for a friend of mine who
happened to be incarcerated telling me
you know they hired me over here and
they're still hiring they'd like us you
need to come out here so I went out
there the interview process is very
simple
probably could they just want to feel
cease to try to feel their full-time
employee quota and I met that so they
hired me but if not for that gentleman
introducing me to that I would not have
had that opportunity but it turns out is
the same employment opportunity talked
about and we made it a point to go out
and seek individuals who were just
recently let out of prison who didn't
have many skills are many educational
opportunities and we brought them in
right I won't take up too much more
determined to make sure you maybe you
actually later on but throughout my time
was released from prison in 1999 and to
this day I have a receipt of aidid I'm
proud of that I haven't even thought
about that thank you thank you I
appreciate it
that's my job that's what I should be
doing but throughout that time I have
met and I cannot even count among my
hand how many I'm no one special but I
have meant I can't count among my hand
without roughly see about 15 different
male individuals who if I hadn't had the
experiences that I had to make me a
little upset angry and I want to make
sure that this gentleman doesn't go to
that either they're about roughly 10 to
15 individuals who have have felony
records in our model was supposed to
socialize with wife had given them an
opportunity in their life today they
have never been back to prison want
their gainfully employed summer pursuing
her master's degrees in college I mean
they're making so many improvements
they're getting married they're not even
running the streets in that type of
matter anymore
some of cannot drink some of stop
drinking I don't take credit for it what
I do know is I gave them the motivation
to be able to pursue their dreams in a
manner however legally this was
something that I was not supposed to be
able to do legally this was something
that I was not supposed to do I want you
guys to think about that if this young
lady accidentally makes a mistake in her
life and they consider it fell in
felonious a felon she is removed as a
resource from just about everybody else
in this room if we were and I don't
think that's fair because I know she has
something and I'll be able to benefit
from something that'll be able to impact
my life what does that mean we are
giving back to our community we're
giving back to our families were giving
back to our country in this particular
manner that's all I have a will take up
too much time thank you guys for allow
me to come here and speak in this manner
but I do hope that this allows us to
open on my open our eyes to the
demographic that we are singling out
we're targeting I understand that
they're criminals out there need to be
in prison but we have to make sure we're
doing our weights and balances we get
the right people in the right places
a long speech what I want to do is open
let me throw out some questions that
maybe we may want to think about why is
it that in America we have so many
people in jail
number one why is it disproportionately
black and brown what are some of the
laws out there
minimum sentencing so-called war on
drugs what impact does all of that house
on the high rates of incarceration in
America are we doing anything close to
what we should be doing in terms of
dealing with high rates of recidivism in
other words you heard both of these guys
talking about you know when you come out
of jail is there a path is there other
programs available to help you get your
feet back on the ground or you simply
given a piece of paper and save 75 bucks
and good luck to you and if that's the
case why is not surprising that so many
people end up back in jail so those are
just some of the issues that come to the
top of my my other issues out there that
we didn't talk about art and I'm the
former chairman its interest former
chairman of the Senate Veterans
Committee and in somehow I think there's
some kind of correlations a relationship
with people come home for what about the
wives girlfriends in the children how
they impact on this whole process that
were the talk about what percentage of
kids whose parents are in jail with
themselves end up in jail
the answer is obviously it's a very very
high percentage but if Dad is arrested
in goes the job of the family so some of
my questions are you have other
questions let's open up so just
introduce yourself
be as loud as you can only hope Michael
Cedar Rapids hold up my clothes over
there we we welcome you and your guests
here today one of the questions that
came up to us while we were just sitting
here is what about having the voting
rights restored to think about
and I have the numbers varied here in my
speech but I'll give it over to draw
well governor we all make mistakes and
makes worst mistakes and others and if a
person has proved to be able to think
now more productive way I think certain
rights should be restored so they can be
a full citizen of this country we have a
lot to offer I mean right now as
second-class citizens
that's something that will make me hope
you know
able to do the things I do when I have
came as far as I came in five years
because I have a purpose other purpose
than anybody X card beautiful person for
the job of a life happens when you
retire you know lost like leader purpose
right so helping allow us to help this
is democracy that we have will help us
feel like part in that outside inside
the lawn outside outlaws enough
13% 13%
anyone thinks by the way just like to
point out that almost made the main
point you did you time to time you saw
it
why should that crime take away your
right to participate in american
democracy now there are states like my
by the way with the limbs to vote and we
have got to make that universal people
have paid their price but that does not
mean they should not be able to
participate in the democratic system
very very good question are at four
percent of people in jails and prisons
have some sort of mental health
challenge and you mentioned earlier that
is a word that we don't like to talk
about mental health is something that is
a huge contributing factor to people
ending up in jails and prisons and
especially in the state of Iowa we just
closed two of our mental health
facilities I know the governor would
like to close a third and when people
have nowhere to go for mental health
treatment often times they end up in
jail or prison so
to the point right away
absolutely great our time and ask these
guys need a job as well
mental health issues people behind bars
what's the correlation what's the
speakers speaking about the
african-american community and other
minority communities go to something
that is has always been somewhat
downplayed region to be very secretive
far as that's concerned access ability
to get to a mental health facility is
another thing that might interfere with
a person getting that so most minorities
do get their medical treatment while
incarcerated in the treatment they learn
how to deal with it
come home we maybe six months worth of
medication if they have medication and
so we don't have no rights to go back in
they call themselves and some medicated
so we have some services that connects
from the penitentiary to society
rubin Hansen and I'm going to ask you
guys to think about what percentage of
people I don't know of anyone does but
what percentage of people behind bars in
fact or medicated is there a lot of
medicine
I don't know too much about the mental
health in a clinical diagnosis would
have to be honest with you I'm skeptical
of it I know it's used as a tool is it's
it's especially for younger people
that's when they started out you know
about his nose you with a problem right
here I guess that's the reason why I'm
sending you to prison later on down the
line you can't learn your enable to
change there's you have issues you have
mental health let's go ahead and get him
incarcerated because before you get
incarcerated as they so you dream that
there's rehabilitation is true but there
seem to be able to address once you're
incarcerated not troops are they going
to what you're talking about
that's where the medication comes in it
I'm the doctor in the prison it's a
prison it's really big I got a lot of
people who were considered clinically or
mental health issues where I would
rather just medicate some that I don't
want to deal with no service on that I
do so the medication rate is high so you
end up coming out of prison and I need
to sustain bed so that I don't want some
of the people in prison or on that
occasion yes and when they got out of
prison what happens when they get out of
prison that medication becomes more to
the financial room now there's a huge
benefit and it's so particularly
probably can't afford it right so you go
to the alternative I don't know you know
if you pay attention to the news of you
do studies right they go from prescribe
medication that makes you feel some type
of way to go find that drugs on the
street so whether it's something to make
you feel relaxed Michael find marijuana
heroin but something made you feel hyper
you might go find cocaine or whatever
the case may be right so it's just again
the coping mechanism whether it's mental
help with this guy that was in prison
with the guy that doesn't have support
whatever you going to try to find what
you can do to cope because there's
nothing out here to help you
plotted it is the gap right because
again they just let you out it's not I
let you out in the visa services going
around right so we can make sure that
you still at which helps the person who
just came out of it provides jobs for
individuals
things that I let me jump in and ask a
question
rubin's those tell me if I got it right
let you how was 75 bucks right ok
75 bucks many people who get out have
been receiving medication in jail in a
limited amount money you don't have a
job you may not have job training and
yep I'm about the suite of it is I
represented as a significant amount of
money as individual to the prison
complex and they are determined to get
their money so even when you're out you
owe them their money they typically say
restitution they might see a state like
your paper you paid your paper you
eventually you pay for the medication
that you were giving them their you pay
for all the services you pay for the
treatment but it is not itemized on that
building just lumped into one so-called
restitution if you will and has not
taken off you will you like just getting
out of jail without a job but in the UK
for supervision so yeah right
assumption that you have the $300
doesn't matter who you guys know this is
my only person was rumored into this if
you go to Polk County stake in its
contractual so they give you piece of
paper that you sign your name or
nickname I can we take what happens you
will be charged but you probably won't
go to write you probably be paid because
that's what they need to do but you
might just get along
art so what we're hearing is your lease
no job no source of income
75 bucks maybe in your pocket you may be
on medications which have created a
certain feeling in you that you're going
to have to deal with the outside and on
top of that money nobody like you had a
case manager say every X every person is
about to leave out a statement
attributable to each entry had a case
manager that person would be somebody
there to organize these services around
that one person is no money in the mail
and we have to come to grips with that
in the question about mental health and
I'm so glad that the young lady brought
that up most of the women and we have to
talk about women in the sisters who are
in prison right now most women are
non-violent offenders as well so we're
locking them up many of them not all
because we need to care about single
women as well as single men and women
don't have children but then just think
about the women who do have children I
will compounding that because lots of
homes especially in poor communities and
especially in african-american
communities are single mother here
household over 70% of the mama is locked
up where are the resources for the
children but to her mental health point
lots of women are on that mental health
track and they don't have the support
that they need when they come out so we
should not be surprised and I'm with you
tsunami that the charging of folks but
we should not be surprised as a nation
we know that the system itself is is is
created to help them go back to prison
really is so your point senator about I
hope you'll talk about that
taken away to profit doing away with
core profit
let me just pick up on the point that
senator tournament animal open it up I
think this one is a no brainer we have
introduced legislation corporations
should not be profiteering through the
incarceration of fellow Americans and
the discussion from cedar rapids and in
my neighborhood its 50 percent black
it's not for and I agree with everything
people are saying but I still don't
think we're talking about the white
elephant in the room which is over half
of our prison population is there for
nonviolent drug offenses you can't solve
a problem if you continue to throw
people in prison for doing nothing hurts
anybody but themselves and in most cases
doesn't hurt themselves what we have is
gutless politicians who won't stand up
and say we're on Drugs is a complete and
total failure in needs to stop now
questions right
many of you may not get the federal
level at the federal level we have
controlled substance act this is federal
war with rocks right now on schedule 1
you have heroin and alongside her when
you got marijuana that makes sense that
he is introduced legislation that takes
marijuana completely out of the
Controlled Substances Act is a federal
crime
I really like going to the kind you
places like how you do it away you know
you can't get a job we go back to the
same old thing I was talking about the
war on drugs when a police record means
of things he'll want to say a word
proud of being black
there and then all of a sudden I don't
know we're in my mind becomes crack
cocaine and Yes it was my choice you
know but I wasn't warned about you know
when that time it was ok you know so we
tried and that was it and I know people
today who was still underneath that same
illusion from the eighties still chasing
that same fortunately our children they
don't do it because they see how to fix
does but it's still a whole generation
of experience that could have been given
granted to the babies that were behind
us and I'm very angry about the reasons
why I did pick being a drug counselor so
that I can help that type of situation
because honestly we allow some of course
to race IBM black brown white whatever
to color with a record of service to
everybody has something to think about
me
11 years in the penitentiary I changed
my life the fact I change my life I
change over people's I have declined I
do with white black yellow pages of 1765
and if it wasn't for me change my life
being dole's opportunities I was able to
grasp what I couldn't help this so we
hope it helps everybody you helping us
everybody all the questions I spent some
time working with foster care youth aged
16 to 21 it was a mentoring program for
kids
it was a voluntary program so they
didn't they had to have a caseworker but
they didn't have to work with our
program but it was an incentives based
program so if they met goals they could
receive incentives and it was a
government program so we worked at the
Department of Human Services and it was
a really great program and it was pretty
well funded and I felt like we had a lot
of success with the kids that we're
willing to come work with us but the day
they turn 21 they're no longer eligible
for any of those services and percentage
of former foster care youth who end up
homeless at some point in their lives
over half in many states the percentage
of former foster care youth that end up
in prison like where the number of
inmates who are former foster care youth
is over half in most states and I'm just
curious what we can do as a society to
help change our perspective that when
someone is 12 13 14 18 19 20 that they
deserve our support they deserve access
to mental health care services they
deserve
adults who are there as their mentors or
people who have his wide access to
services professional services but
always then when they're 21 they're
supposed to have all their lives
together
they don't have a support network if
they haven't built it through the
professionals that have been working
with them if they don't have it in them
to make it I I don't know what the
answer is but they're still clearly this
funneling of of kids who grew up without
the support that they need it oftentimes
children of people who have been
incarcerated and then end up in the
system sometimes successful system
sometimes unsuccessful system but
regardless whether 21 then it's just cut
off I think through a slot and give it
to the panel as well we have by the way
exactly the same problem for most likely
the same as the society what we have got
to establish be clear about is what our
priorities are is 21 some kind of
magical number so I'm still struggling
when I am 21 trying to do the right
thing right trying to get my feet on the
ground doesn't make any sense in the
world because of the magical number of
points 21 that you pull the rug out from
under those kids and take away the
support system that has kept them alive
and a whole bunch of their lives
frankly I'm gonna tell us which is not
necessarily relevant to your question
but it talks about what we can do what
we want to do it
southern part of my state there was a
principal of a high school this woman
was virtually but not about determining
the kids will not drop out of high
school
hard determination was the kids were not
going to slip through the cracks and
throughout our society that's what
happens billions of times people slip
through the cracks who gives a damn
about that case she gave a damn about
every kid in school she hired mentors
you know what the Mendes da bus kids can
call up that mentor at three o'clock in
the morning if there's a fight between
your parents or bad things are happening
you call up the Metro at three o'clock
in the morning and she or he will be
there for you you are not
going to drop out of school because we
love you and because we're concerned
about your future and she had an
extraordinarily positive result in terms
of keeping people from dropping out of
school
getting jobs but they did it helping
them financially helping them get the
college if that was their goal that's
the bottom line the bottom line is we
now what has to be done they are always
so I come from a family where my dad
came to this country
age of 17 without a nickel in his pocket
he dropped out of school never had much
education my brother graduated high
school that was it I want the college
frankly I was a little bit + hang around
with lawyers kids business people skills
the doctors kids was very insecure about
that this program out there soon return
i'd like you know it the trio program
you know what they do they say to kids
walk 4112 what ten you're not you want
to go to college willing to work with
you within a two year college campus in
a scary thought is anybody else even if
those are the kids up money and your
family does not have an extraordinary
really successful record what's the
bottom line the bottom line is we now in
many cases what has to be done to crush
the news putting the resources into
doing what has to be done
not wanting to punish people wanted to
say hey you're 21 you're out on your own
now good luck you'll hear 75 bucks
you're out of jail you can do it if we
want to make sure that what the kids the
well we know how to do it if we want to
make sure that people who released from
jail do not go back to jail
we know how to do that as well comments
schools and in some way we can connect
the school school should know the
condition of every child in skul they
are the foundation because every child
in this country has to go to school so
there to answer a community safety net
is an answer as well you know age ain't
nothing but a number as as they say it
really is and my son who is a police
officer he just turned 26 he is
independent but he's not because I mama
you know and he's fortunate enough to
have a mother and a father does not go
beyond him all the time even though we
raised him right he had a period of time
especially during the Great Recession
after he graduated with young folks
couldn't
college degrees but he was fortunate
enough to have two parents who can catch
a lot of children don't have that
whether foster children are not absolute
right we have a throwaway mentality in
the society if children don't fit a mold
we throw them away so I believe that the
school system though is the key because
they're the foundation to catch all the
children the ballot box can I just say
that because when we elect people in the
elected ministry who care about the
folks they were elected to serve then we
can have policies back to senator
Sanders point that will do the things
that we need to have done you cannot be
fun programs like that and then expect
these children to be okay you can't be
fined or close down mental health
institutions and think that people are
going to be okay you can't collect
amounts of money off the backs of people
who have fallen on hard times in this
country and think that things are going
to be ok you know I'm a college
professor as well as I know that trio
program very will on the first day of
class I usually ask us to do what they
want to be when they grow up and it
doesn't matter if the 1830 or 65 at
their my class if you are living you
should have a dream in a vision for your
life and I have yet to have one of my
students a to follow US Attorney when I
grow up I want to be poor or when I want
to go to prison that's the life for me
I'm looking forward to this journey
everybody has a dream with somehow along
the way it is snuffed out by Assad's he
debt does not clear if we could just
have some compassion and empathy but
then elect folks senators and to say
give a damn I want to say let people
give a shit Douglas once and not quoting
him exactly but he said something along
these lines that is a better investment
to invest in children in broken mean and
that is what we have to do we can start
right there but the school system
the school system is the best
institutional answer that we had just 1
I'm a proud progressive but any
conservative out there should be
listening to senator Turner promising as
well because the evidence is
overwhelming that when you invest in the
children when you invest in the services
when make sure the kids get a good
education or a good job you save
substantial sums of money
to the University of Iowa is a hell of
alot cheaper that given them up and tell
young lady talk I have my son my son is
running track schools drive and I think
that's very important as a parent
partner again apparently there's a
person who is a role model for
individuals already have been going to
DHS issues now they have and as a parent
point-blank noticed a regardless of what
society says it does most likely most
likely the child
i dont kids one year after two years
after two years after I know young man
has 21 placements and his twenty
one-year-old they cut him off he found
his mom and put me with that jail and
with my son you know the children want
to be with his parents so let's look at
the same with lost a parent a rights
come home and they're in contact with
the force to cure her sin city not a
doctors say they're still in foster care
in this person shows for an adequate
amount of time that they able to
function in our society in the
mannerisms which is appropriate
questions I'm right here I'm actually go
but I go to school
Rapids so I grew up why mexican-american
and so I grew up we don't have cable or
anything
this has a point I promise
and so so I want a lot of like a PBS and
whatnot and so I remember growing up
most of the characters I mean I know
their animals but like most of the
characters I assumed a white and so like
growing up it was kind of hard to
believe myself and so I was wondering if
there's any way that we can make like
public broadcasting television and legal
you require adversity and not just one
character for me traes protagonist of
various races and stuff like that so
that'd be nice I'm gonna give his
campaign but I've been talking about is
my fears that economically we are moving
toward an oligarchic former society
where a small number of very very
wealthy people are receiving today
almost all of the new income in the new
wealth politically I worry that as a
result of citizens united billion as of
buying elections but it also worried
about the media billion raises an issue
1 issue this is what I worry about I
think you can watch television 24 7 and
not get a feeling that what you see is
the reality of american life in many
respects you're talking about race
relations in a sense united people of
your background on television
okay what i'm talking about also and
then return them at this point a moment
ago we just came out of the worst
economic downtown downturn in the modern
history of this country since the Great
Depression millions of people walk their
draws millions of people lost their
homes
millions of people lost their life
savings the day in America you have a
middle class which is disappearing you
have in some cases
people's life expectancy going down
massive despair reflected on television
is the reality of America reflected in
the struggles that people are making
half of the people 55 years of age or
older
up to 65 50 savings for retirement that
at seven years of age you got nothing in
the bank how do you think you feel
you're scared to talk about it NBC ABC
soap operas so much not so much so your
point is right and i agree with you but
it's easy
deeper than that we are a country where
millions of people are in despair black
white
they want to see your reflection of
their realities in media and in many
respects they are not in NA say who the
hell is talking about my life who knows
about my life why should I vote nobody
cares about nobody even knows what's
going on in my life so media becomes a
very important part of the reality of
American I think we need some big
changes that anyone want to do that
part of how things are
how we're losing control as a country is
that we are at each others throats I
think that there's a lot of different
brands that we tend to fall under the
Sooners talking about pretty much in
what is pretty much effect is more than
anything else in my belief is classes
are being one another for one reason or
another so that we cannot come together
and figure out what needs to be done
while those who are supposedly sitting
above economic coup culpability looking
and plotting how can we keep them
confuse so we can keep making
however I also know that those issues my
royalty passed the Senate see that might
just be a first talked about that
worry about that wow they were they
maybe I still plotting and planning to
confuse from just very profound point
just pick up on it
want you to hear this in america today
the top one tenth of one percent not 1%
1.1% owns almost as much wealth as the
bottom 90% wealthiest 20 people in this
country 12 to 20 people on more wealth
than the bottom 50% of the american
people hundred and fifty million people
58 percent of all new income generated
today
58% is going to the top 1% you seen on
tv likely not too much and what's wrong
I rather have us fighting against each
other and black and brown and white gay
and straight you're born in Mexico
you're born in America
well with mexico but let's talk about
that let's not talk about how we come
together to create an economy that works
well rather than the top one percent
everybody who are real American heroes
are about I cannot begin to imagine the
kind of strength that was required to
transform their lives and to make the
point that what they want to do with
their lives and what makes them stronger
human beings is actually help other
people I want to thank them very much
what they are doing what their
participation in this panel that I want
to thank all of you for coming out for
helping us address one of the major
crises facing this