fighting for women's rights what you're
doing to expand and improve our
democracy one of the reasons and let me
be very blunt the baptists one of the
reasons I'm running for President of the
United States is that I worry very much
that both economically and politically
our country is sliding into our daughter
this is not an issue but they're gonna
see discuss much on TV but it is the
reality of what's happening in America
we all know wealthiest country in the
history of the world but as we speak
here and media this morning millions and
millions of families are struggling to
feed their kids we have the highest rate
shamefully of poverty of any major
country on earth and forty percent of
african-american kids are living in
poverty all at the same time
58 percent of all new income is going to
the top one percent and the top one
tenth of one percent bonds almost as
much well as the bottom 90% and as a
nation we are gonna have to ask
ourselves whether it is morally
acceptable whether it is economically
sustainable that's all few have so much
while so many have so little in my view
has got to change and we need an economy
that works for working families
economics it is politics as a result of
the disastrous citizens united Supreme
Court decision millionaires and
billionaires are pouring unlimited sums
of money in true the political process
through super PACs and independent
expenditures in the last election last
november sixty-three percent of the
American people didn't vote eighty
percent of young people didn't vote and
in today
millionaires and billionaires are buying
the election is that what democracy in
this country is supposed to be about I
think not
now the truth is all of you know
republicans win when voter turnout is
low when millions of people turn their
backs on the political process when they
look to washington and they sound
working longer hours for low wages what
are you doing for me when this I don't
have any health insurance what are you
doing for me when I say I can't afford
to send my little baby into decent
quality child care what are you doing
some kind of water so my older kids to
college
what do you do it for me and when people
give up on the political process and dog
vote in large numbers when republican
governors suppress the boat when the
co-processor the billionaire's trying to
buy elections Republicans win and we
look so what do we do what we do is make
it clear that in this country we need a
political revolution
shin
the same old same old way to do it
their establishment economics is going
to do it you want I'll tell you how you
win an election for the white house on
you rally millions of working-class
people were given up on the political
process
young people
political process you bring people
together who are prepared to say loudly
and clearly I love document belongs to
all of us not just a handful of billion
and if we do not do that and if this is
a same old same old type of election and
if millions of working people young
people do not participate
republicans will win and we will lose so
let me tell you I am extremely gratified
in my campaign so far that we have
rallied hundreds of thousands of people
to come out our meetings and events that
we have seven hundred and fifty thousand
individuals who have made campaign
contributions not million dollar
contributions to super PACs but $30
apiece warning that any campaign at this
point in a campaign in American history
we win when people come together when we
reject the division of men vs women are
straight forces gay a black versus white
are people born in this country as
opposed to people born in another
country that is what they wanted to go
when we stand together and we say you
know what
in the wealthiest country in the history
of the world the wealthy years people
and the largest corporations are going
to stop paying their fair share of taxes
we win elections when we say to the
working people in this country we know
you can't make it on eight or nine bucks
and hour and that is why we're going to
raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour
we're going to win the election when we
say two women there is no rational
economic reason that women make 79 cents
on the dollar compared to then we're
gonna pay equity we win an election in
which we say to working families yes
when you're going to work
you are going to have quality child care
and pre-k your little ones
where you win this election when we say
to the unemployed we're gonna rebuild
our crumbling infrastructure and create
millions of decent paying jobs and all
people that we wonder what world the
republicans are live again when they did
not use science and refused to go
forward in helping us combat climate
change
we win this election when we make it
clear that women have fought long and
too hot to lose control over their own
bodies we win this election when we
stand up boldly and say no you're not
gonna or defund Planned Parenthood you
gotta put more money so sisters and
brothers we are at historical moment in
American history the crises that we face
today in many ways are worse than any
time since the great depression of the
nineteen thirties and in my view the
what this election is about is not just
selecting a president Paul fall more
significantly it is about transforming
the United States of America
it is about understanding that there is
something very very wrong where the
united states of america is the only
major country on earth not guarantee
they'd Family and Medical Leave how does
that happen
country on earth does not guarantee paid
sick time or paid vacation time how does
that happen
the only major country on earth that
doesn't guarantee health care to every
man woman and child as a right
is to bringing people together by the
tens of millions not stop and it's tough
to do but if we do that when I just
gonna win this election we are going to
win it by a landslide because what
happens is how many people in your
communities believe as republicans do
that we should cut social security
medicare cut medicaid cut federal aid to
education and then give hundreds of
billions of dollars in tax breaks to the
top two two-tenths of one percent nobody
believes that but Republicans can win
elections because so many people have
given up on the political process and
what this campaign is about is
revitalizing american democracy by
bringing people together to stand up and
fight for the promise of what this great
country and be
a nation in which the middle class grows
not shrinks we can be a nation in which
we do not have the highest rate of
childhood poverty of any major country
and what economic and wealth disparity
we can do that but in order to do that
we're going to have to do something that
is pretty hard
pretty pretty pretty hard
this is what we have to do in the last
many decades everybody in this room
knows because you have been part of the
process we have made significant
progress in becoming a less
discriminatory society and we should be
proud that we should be proud then in
2008 the American people decided to vote
for a candidate based on his program and
his ideas and his character not the
color of his skin
all over this country as a result of
your efforts and those that came before
you women have made extraordinary
progress in breaking down discriminatory
or discriminatory barriers and by the
way we are not going back we're gonna go
close and if we were here ten years ago
and somebody jumped up and said you know
I think the gay marriage will be made
legal in every state in this country
somebody else would have asked them what
they were smoking which raises another
reason we have we have made progress
we've made progress in women's rights in
gay rights in civil rights we still have
a long way to go in all of those areas
but we should be proud of what we have
accomplished but here is where we have
not made progress we have not made
progress in the economic struggle we
have lost ground today men and women in
many cases are working longer hours will
lower wages of the new wealth and income
is going to the people on top so the
essential question in terms of economic
struggle is all we prepared to organize
and to take on the billionaire class
which today has so much economic and
political power that is the person and
if we are not successful in doing that
by prediction to you is that the rich
will continue to get richer while most
everybody else gets 40 my prediction to
you is that the republicans who do not
believe Citizens United went far enough
want to get rid of all campaign finance
regulations will simply be able
through the Koch brothers and others to
give checks of hundreds of millions of
dollars to the candidates of their
choice in other words having candidates
become employees of their corporate
interests that's the future if we do not
educate and if we do not organized but I
have confidence that we can do but I
have confidence that we have we come
forward with a progressive strong agenda
that he is prepared to stand up to
corporate america is prepared to stand
up to the Koch brothers and the
billionaire class that is prepared to
outline an agenda which will improve the
lives of tens of millions of our people
we can not only win the White House
regain the senate and the house gain
governors trails all over america not
only can we do that but much more
importantly we can't transfer law in
this country and make it the country we
all know that it can become thank you
all very much