America thank you for putting on this
important conference let me from the
slot suggests I am NOT Frank Underwood
talking about is wrenching the hearts of
the american people
consciousness on criminal justice reform
has risen significantly in the last
couple of years a lot of that has to do
with this kind of invention here where
for years a lot of crimes were being
committed that were not being talked
about but now when they get video would
make it on television they are being
talked about and that is a very very
good thing and lose clearly time that we
start talking as we have in this
election about the really disastrous
effects of too many politicians trying
to too many elections by locking too
many people remember we're going to be
tough on crime and throw away the key
we're gonna do this look into that all
of that has resulted in an international
disgrace that all of you know it at the
united states of america today has more
people in jail than any other country on
earth including China which is
authoritarianism communist country four
times our thoughts and we as a people
have to leave this issue right on the
table and that is that people in
American jails are disproportionately to
a very significant degree people of
color and that is the reality in america
today and that is a reality that has to
change too many lives to too many lives
are being destroyed and together we are
going to bring about major reforms of a
broken criminal justice system with an
issue that is on everyone's mind and
that is the continuing struggle for
racial justice in american let's talk
with the facts these are not pleasant
facts but these are facts we have got to
discuss if current trends continue
approximately one in four black males
born today a child born here in South
Carolina today can expect to spend time
in prison during his lifetime
this is an unspeakable tragedy blacks
are in prison and six times the rate of
white people of color are incarcerated
police and sentenced to death at
significantly higher rates than their
white counterparts one in every 15
african-american men is incarcerated
compared to one in every 100 and six
whiteman a report by the Department of
Justice found that blacks were three
times more likely to be searched during
a traffic stop
compared to white motorists
african-americans are twice as likely to
be arrested and almost four times as
likely to experience the use of force
during encounter is with the police
african-americans make up two fifths of
confined youth today
african-american women are three times
more likely than white women to be
incarcerated once conducted black
offenders received longer sentences 10
percent longer than wide offenders for
the same exam crimes
thirteen percent of african-american men
have lost the right to vote guilty to
felony convictions and this by the way
is an issue we don't talk about very
much but it is a huge political
consequence 13 percent of
african-american men have lost their
right to vote these shocking statistics
to say the least but before we even
addressed them we have to deal with the
most urgent and obvious issue that needs
to be addressed head-on and that is the
killing of african-americans by police
or deaths while in custody of tragedies
we hear about screams out for justice
the black lawyers mountable which has
arisen in response to these deaths has
done a needed and commendable job in
raising public consciousness on this
issue the proliferation of cell phone
video has brought the reality of these
deaths into the living room and onto the
computer screen of millions and millions
of people throughout our country I know
you have heard these names before but
they bear repeating so we do not lose
sight of the real human price being paid
Michael Brown
Scott pretty great plan to me Rice
Samuel Duboce cuboid and many many of us
but people must do more than just echo
the phrase backlight was Matta we must
put actions behind those words
will bring about a fundamental reform
that is needed in the face of this
crisis criminal justice reform must be
the civil rights issue of the 21st
century and the first piece that we must
address is police before the killings of
unarmed African Americans has got to
stop nation too many african-americans
and other minorities find themselves
subjected to a system that treats
citizens who have not committed crimes
as if they were criminals a growing
number of communities do not trust the
police and police have become
disconnected alien to the communities
that they are sworn to protect at the
federal level we need to establish a new
model police training program that
reorient the way we do law enforcement
in this country with input from a broad
segments of the community we must
reinvent how weak police America a
critically important component of this
reform is a set of new rules on the
allowable use of force soul force must
be the last resort not the first result
need to be trained to de-escalate
confrontations and humanely interact
with people who have mental illnesses
someone and by the way this happened to
my own state of Vermont not a military
woman called police because her mentally
ill son was acting out soon got shot and
killed that happens all across this
country we also need police forces that
reflect the diversity of our communities
and I must extend into the leadership of
police departments and into the training
departments clearly we need greater
civilian oversight of police departments
and ongoing and meaningful community
engagement we need to federally fund and
require body covers law enforcement
offices to make it easier to hold them
accountable but we also must establish
standards and processes to protect the
privacy of innocent people our justice
department must aggressively investigate
and prosecute police officers who break
the law and hold them accountable for
their actions
we may need to examine when current
federal civil rights status provides the
justice department to protect the people
of this country we need to require
police departments and states to provide
public reports on all police shootings
and deaths that take place while in
police custody and the federal
government should provide funding to
help state and local governments adopt
these new policing standards state and
local governments participate in police
reform should be rewarded by the federal
government
those who do not have federal Justice
funding withheld and very importantly we
must
militarize police departments around
this country look at the television and
it looks like there is an invading army
looks like you're in iraq rather than
looking at a local police department
also got to establish standards and
crack down on communities that are using
their police forces essentially as
revenue generators communities that
receive an inordinate amount of the
local funding
fines and citations need to be stopped
we have to deal with the level of
policing in african-american communities
across this country there is a strong
sense many activists and others that I
have spoken to their PR is over policing
in some African American communities now
I know that some will say that's because
there is more crime in those poor black
urban communities but if we jump to that
conclusion we should examine recent 2014
Bureau of Justice Statistics report
examining the relationship between
household poverty and non lethal violent
victimization which includes rape sexual
assault robbery aggravated assault and
simple assault and this is what it found
that the period studied from 2008
through 2012
people living in urban areas had violent
victimization rates similar to poor
people living in rural areas
core urban blacks had rates of violence
similar to poor urban whites represented
vermont a rural state and I have to tell
you that I do not see the level of
intensity of policing that we seem to
see in so many cities around the country
now of course people committing violent
crimes need to be apprehended tried by a
jury of their peers and if they are
convicted they need to go to jail nobody
debates that we want criminals and
people who are dangerous floor abiding
people off the streets and let me also
say and I say this is a former mayor
somebody work very closely with the
Burlington Vermont police department
that took place
authority of police officers in this
country are honest they are working hard
and they do a good job on the very very
difficult circumstances however we
cannot ignore the fact that the majority
of people living in our cities are
trying to work hard to play by the rules
and to raise their children safely there
are neighborhoods in this country and
you'll notice where mothers hard to
believe in America but it's true
where mothers are afraid to let their
children outside go outside for fear of
gang violence and drugs and we owe it to
those mothers to get dangerous people
off the streets but mothers should not
be afraid of their children being
targeted by the police because of the
color of their skin and that a routine
interaction with law enforcement and in
an appropriate force or even death we do
not want any mobile in America have to
worry about that but of course criminal
justice reform goes well beyond
reforming police departments we have to
rethink our entire approach we cannot
jail our way out of health problems like
drug addiction or social and economic
problems like poverty we must end the
over incarceration of nonviolent young
Americans who do not pose a serious
threat to our society african-americans
comprise fourteen percent of regular
drug uses but all 37 percent
of those arrested for drug offenses from
1980 to 2007 about one in three adults
arrested for drugs in the United States
was african-american know how many think
about this how many encounters between
young people and the police begin with
officers detecting the odor of marijuana
unacceptable to me that we stigmatize so
many young americans with a criminal
record for possessing marijuana but at
the same time not one major CEO of a
Wall Street bank was illegal activities
helped destroy the economy of the united
states not one of them has a police
record
criminal justice system which says that
a not only is a bank too big to fail but
bankers to pick to jail and by the way
all of that the fact that hundreds and
hundreds of lines of young people have
been destroyed because records for
smoking marijuana and the fact that no
CEOs of Wall Street firms get police
records all of this has a huge impact on
people's attitude toward the government
justice upon fairness but in that regard
our attitude toward marijuana must
change i'm happy to tell you the live
introduced legislation which takes
marijuana off of the federal list of
controlled substances it is frankly
absurd under the Controlled Substances
Act that marijuana is a schedule 1 drug
alongside of heroin makes no sense at
all to me so we want to get the federal
government out of the business of making
marijuana illegal if states want to go
forward that is their right to do that
and they should be able to do that
without legal impediments from the
federal government
furthermore when we talk about reforming
a broken criminal justice system we need
to end prisons for profit
introduced legislation to do that and as
President I will make that happen
it is simply wrong for corporations to
be making profits through the
incarceration of fellow Americans or
running detention centers that is not an
area where people should be making
profits furthermore have got to invest
in drug courts and interventions for
people with substance abuse problems our
goal must be that people with substance
abuse problems and by the way this is a
huge problem from one end of this
country that the other huge problem in
my sleep because all you know not a drug
problem we have a very serious problem
with opiates and heroin is a problem all
over america but what we must understand
is that substance abuse is a disease not
a crime and we've got a treated as a
health issue and in that regard we have
got to do a lot lot better with mental
health in america we need a revolution
in how we treat mental health when
people want to get off at Haringey
heroin get off with opiates they should
be able to get into a treatment center
and get the care they need not have to
wait but to use
in addition we need to end mandatory
minimum sentencing and give judges the
discretion to better tailor sentences to
the specific facts of a given case as
you know judges often now do not have
discretion
the federal system of perot needs to be
reinstated for people who are serving
long sentences there needs to be an
incentive for people to make different
choices and earn their way to a shorter
sentence and a path to a productive like
people who committed crimes that i've
landed them in jail there needs to be a
pair back from prison and that includes
a restoration of full voting rights I
don't have to tell you that by and large
we do a pretty bad job in making sure
that when people are released from jail
on end up in jail again clearly you
don't have to be a criminologist
understand that if somebody leaves jail
without job training without education
without money without housing the oslo
that they will fall back into the same
environment they got him in jail in the
first place and that is a waste of human
life and that is a huge waste of
taxpayers dollars and we have got to end
move away from over incarceration there
are a number of systemic issues that we
must address but let me just mention to
them now
first is the disparity in education for
children in poor communities and poor
communities of color in particular black
children who make up just 18 percent of
preschoolers account 48% of all out of
school suspensions before kindergarten
and not just tells you how systemic this
problem is a leading black children be
for kindergarten blacks were expelled at
three times the rate of white children
black girls were suspended at higher
rates than all of the girls and most
boys according to the Department of
Education african-american students are
more likely to suffer harsh punishments
suspensions and arrest at school we must
address the lingering on just
stereotypes that lead us to label black
youth sands bugs was super predators
southern part of my state there was a
principal she's retired was absolutely
fierce and determined that kids in her
high school would not drop out of school
she would personally kill them if they
dropped out of school she knew all of
these kids she assigned menteur more
available 24 hours a day seven days a
week sort of kid out of family problem
at three o'clock in the morning there
was somebody that you could call it a
kid was dealing with drugs or getting
involved in that the mental was there
the truth of the matter is if we are
serious about keeping kids out of jail
if we are serious about making sure our
kids are in school or have jobs yes we
can do that we do not need to allow
millions of kids don't fall through the
cracks to hang out on street corners to
get into trouble down the jail and to
see their lives destroyed we need to
give all of our kids regardless of their
income
shot at attending college now my parents
never went to college
dad dropped out of high school my mother
graduated high school and in our family
which was lower middle class we don't
know many people who want two cultures
there are millions of kids in this
country
parents level at the college they don't
know anybody who went to college and the
idea of getting a higher education is
about is meaningful to them is going to
the moon and that is why I have
introduced legislation and will make
happen as president a process by which
every public college and university in
America
is tuition free import well we know the
obvious reasons why some people out of
school deeply in debt and so forth but
here is a more important but what should
I think about it because it really is
revolutionary
sends is that every child in America
weather in my home town of Burlington
Vermont in Columbia South Carolina if
you do your school work well if you pay
attention if you are serious about
school you will be able to go to college
regardless of the income of your family
millions objects and teaches will have
hope and belief that they can make it
into the middle class if they do well in
school we have to stop the
criminalisation of classroom misbehavior
in this room by the video that we
recently saw of the resource officer
throwing a young girl across the room
right here in South Carolina there is a
pipeline from school to jail that we
have to turn into a pipeline from school
to a promising future
the second issue that we have got to
deal with because all of these issues
are interrelated
have to be dealt with in a holistic
model is the issue of poverty we are
living today
in the wealthiest country in the history
of the world very few people know that
because most of the well almost all of
the well in almost all of the income
being generated today goes to the top
one percent we have 40
seven million people in america living
in poverty and shamefully and this is a
total disgrace the highest rate of
childhood poverty of almost any major
country on earth twenty percent of
markets close to forty percent of
african-american kids now you tell me
the justice of a society in which the
top one tenth of one percent is almost
as much well as the bottom 90% tell me
the justice of a society in which we are
seeing a proliferation of millionaires
and billionaires and yet we have the
highest rate of childhood poverty of
almost any major country on earth that
is a disgrace that is not what America
is supposed to be about and together we
are going to end
Americans don't have ten thousand
dollars in savings marginal wealthiest
country in the history of the world
majority of people in this country do
not have $10,000 what happens the other
automobile accident what happens if you
get sick what I and millions of
Americans age 50 50 50 in the bank they
have no clue as to how they gonna retire
with dignity most black and Latino
households have less than three hundred
and fifty dollars in savings the black
unemployment rate has remained roughly
twice as high as the white rate
rate over the last 40 years regardless
of Education let me tell you the story i
guess im economists'
go to a study for me I asked them to
tell me what the rate of real
unemployment that is unemployment and
underemployment for young people
this country's 17 to 24 graduated high
school didn't drop out
graduated high school this is what they
said white kids 33 percent latino kids
that's an entire generation of kids
graduating high school wanna get their
feet on the ground want to get out of
the house 10 slot their adult lives not
been out there for them so let me repeat
it makes a lot more sense for us to
invest in education and jobs rather than
jails and incarceration will give you a
long speech about how we deal with the
collapse of the American middle class 47
million people living in poverty but
this is what I will tell you we've got
to create millions of jobs in this
country when we do it is by rebuilding
our crumbling infrastructure put
thirteen million people back to work
good-paying jobs another thing that
we've got to do is recognize let us
$7.25 minimum wage is a starvation wage
got a raise the minimum wage to a living
wage 15
access terms not payday lenders
you know the truth is that is very
expensive to be poor you know what I
mean by that
a cashier check your paying outrageous
sum of money not able to get a bank
account in a normal bank we gotta change
those things let me just conclude thank
you all very much for holding this
conference on an issue I get around the
country all these issues that we're
talking about today are on the minds of
millions and millions of Americans not
just african-americans but the entire
community we want to live in a nation in
which we're not spending eighty billion
dollars a year locking up our neighbors
we want to live in a nation where an
african-american get in to his or her
call and not worry about being dragged
out of the call can be found dead three
days later in a jail so we got a lot of
work in front of us but this is an issue
for my mind of enormous importance
it's an issue that we can and must work
on together
absolute confidence that when we come
together this is an issue can be
resolved thank you