today the richest people in our country
on more wealth than the bottom half of
the american population hundred and
fifty million people they know that the
system is rigged when the average person
is a girl hours
wages and yet 58%
executives on Wall Street
over the economic and political life of
our country and most people though in
the nineteen nineties and later the
financial interests spend billions of
dollars on campaign contributions to
force through congress the deregulation
of Wall Street the repeal of the
glass-steagall Act and the weekend of
consumer protection was all across our
country this money in order to get the
government or their backs and to show
the american people what they could do
with this new one
freedom from regulation
well the short show the american people
in 2008 the reckless this illegal
behavior on Wall Street nearly destroy
the American and global economy millions
of Americans lost their jobs they lost
their homes and they lost their life
savings while Wall Street received the
largest taxpayer bailout in the history
of the world with no strings attached
the American middle class continues to
disappear
poverty is increasing and the gap
between the very rich and everyone else
continues to grow and Wall Street
executives still receive compensation
packages as if the financial crisis they
created never happened
dishonesty and arrogance these are some
of the words that best describe the
reality of Wall Street today
president
political
the wealthiest Americans in this country
at the expense of everyone else while
President Obama deserves credit for
improving
this economy
to create a financial system and an
economy that works for all our people
not just a handful of billionaire
medium-sized businesses create decent
jobs
continue the taxpayers of this country
bailed out Wall Street because we were
told that they were too big
yesterday today three out of the four
largest financial institutions JPMorgan
Chase Bank of America and Wells Fargo
are nearly 80%
then before we bailed them out because
they would choose to fail
six largest banks in this country
issue than two-thirds of all credit
cards and woolen 35% of all mortgages
they controlled more than 95% of all
financial derivatives and hold more than
40% of all bank deposits their assets
today or equivalent to nearly 60% of the
GEB of United States of America
it is to risk perspective and the fear
of another bellow it is also true from
the reality that a handful of huge
financial institutions simply have too
much economic and political power over
this country
the Republican trust us were alive today
he would say rain and he would be 100 I
will require the Secretary of the
Treasury Department to establish a too
big to fail list of commercial banks and
insurance companies
fairly would pose a catastrophic risk to
the United States economy without a tax
bill O
dog we need to do is commit to do as
president of the united clicks
something that would have been been
under the glass steagle act
president bill into precisely to prevent
Wall Street speculators from closing
another Great Depression for more than
five decades untold Wall Street watered
it down under president reagan and
killed on the president clinton the
Federal Reserve and the Treasury
Department did Josh banks as a result of
an amendment that I ordered the
emergency lending activities of the
federal reserve during the financial
crisis we learn that the Fed provided
more than six trillion dollars in
short-term low-interest loans to every
major financial institution in this
country including Citigroup JPMorgan
Chase Bank of America Wells Fargo not to
mention water corporations and banks and
foreign central banks throughout the
world
secretary Clinton's we just need to
impose a few more fees and regulations
on the financial industry I disagree
Secretary of Labor robert rice
woes John Wall Street banks continue to
threaten the well-being of millions of
Americans but what does break them up
and resurrect the glass one separated
investment from commercial banking
Hillary Clinton says charge from a bit
more and oversee them more carefully
hillary clinton's proposals only in Shin
and we all the way to contain the
streets excess is so big bull in public
they can't be watered down
politicians to cut it out
dissolution that is so spread is the
understanding our criminal justice
system is broken and grossly unfair
and we do not have these kids and
sometimes even jail for possessing or
other minor crimes but when it comes to
Wall Street executives some of the
wealthiest and most powerful people in
this country
illegal behavior causes pain and
suffering while millions of Americans
nothing happens to them
million jobs home savings book for the
CEO of Wall Street no no jail time no
justice criminal justice system which
room or does not dispense justice
has ever been prosecuted for posing the
near-collapse of our entire economy will
change on the ball
or reaching settlements unfair and
deceptive activities some people believe
that this is an operation that we have
an honest financial system in which
every now and then major financial
institutions do something wrong and
court in my view the evidence suggests
that would be incorrect and ours is the
business model of Wall Street
the role regulatory the likelihood is
that Wall Street get away with a lot
more illegal behavior we know how many
times have we heard them if they have
been wrong but it wasn't illegal let me
help today
major financial institutions in this
country have been fined two hundred and
four billion dollars two hundred billion
dollars and that once again takes place
in a week
regulatory environment of when major
banks were doing illegal active in
August 2014 Bank of America settled the
case with the department of justice for
more than sixteen billion dollars on
charges that the bank misled investors
about the riskiness of mortgage-backed
securities it sold in the run-up to the
crisis in November of 2000 and 3000
JPMorgan's suddenly case 13 billion with
the Department of Justice and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency over
charges that the bank knowing we sold
securities Madoff of low-quality
mortgages to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
of 2014 BNP Paribas was sentenced to
five years probation and was ordered to
pay 8.9 billion in penalties by R us'
district judge in Manhattan after the
bank pleaded guilty to charges of
violating sanctions by conducting
business in Sudan I ran let me read you
a few headlines and you tell me how it
could possibly make sense
was prosecuted just a few guidelines
CNN headline May 20th 2009 15:05 big
banks played by point four billion for
Ricky currencies those banks include
JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup from the
International Business Times
24 2015 big banks under investigation
for allegedly fixing precious metals
prices the banks under investigation
included Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan
Chase headline from the real news
network
November 26 2013 documents and JPMorgan
settlement reveal how every large bank
in the USA has committed mortgage fraud
headlines from the washington Post March
14 2013 in both the FDIC uses 16 big
banks of fraud conspiracy banks
including Bank of America Citigroup
JPMorgan Chase
from the Guardian how a big USS Frank
launder billions from Mexico's murderous
drug gangs this article talks about how
long coat which was a fired by Wells
Fargo aidid Mexican drug cartels in
transferring billions of dollars in
illegal drug money and this is what the
federal prosecutors said about the city
said I hope walked over Leyton disregard
for our banking laws
international cocaine cartels virtual
to finance their operations and yet the
total fine with this offense was less
than two percent of the bank's 12
billion dollar profit for 2009 and no
one went to jail no one went to jail
headline will Street Journal February 9
2011 JPMorgan apologize apologizes for
military foreclosures here is a case
where JPMorgan Chase the largest bank in
america wrecked the finances of 4,000
military families in violation of the
civil service members released back yet
no one went to jail
that the business model of Wall Street
there's broad tax is not just talking
that is what financial executives
themselves told the University of Notre
Dame in a study on the ethics of the
financial services industry last year
51% of Wall Street executives making
more than 500,000 a year founded likely
that their competitors have engaged in
unethical or illegal activity in order
to gain an edge in the market more than
one-third of financial executives have
evil witness first-hand knowledge of
wrongdoing in the workplace
nearly one in five financial service
professionals believe they must engage
in illegal or unethical activity to be
successful
25% of financial executives have signed
a confidentiality agreement that would
prohibit reporting illegal or unethical
activities to the authorities here is 11
Bank of 2010 when he was caught trying
to play 65 trillion dollar per day
currency market he said and I quote if
you win you a truck and a quote
last hope we are all wealthy and retired
by the time this house of cards letters
and of course this country can no longer
afford to tolerate the culture of for
fraud and corruption on Wall Street
under my administration Wall Street CEOs
will no longer receive a get out of jail
free card
not be too big to fail big time
bankers will not be too big to jail
I will nominate and appoint people with
a track record of sending off to power
rather than those who have made millions
defending Wall Street CEOs this tax will
not be represented in my administration
creating
to help the middle class of this
and sound if we cannot trust the credit
agencies to accurately rate financial
products and the only way we can restore
that trust is to make sure your credit
rating agencies do not make a profit
from wall street
credit agencies did not give these
worthless financial products triple-a
ratings ratings
if that works for all americans we have
got to financial institutions for
ripping off the american people by
charging sky-high interest rates and
outrageous fees
that americans of four or five dollars
in fees every time they go to an ATM of
charge people usury US interest rates we
don't need the help flyer in the picture
walks we don't need the rivers of
roiling blood but we do need a national
law
banks credit unions the taxpayers of
this country it is time to extend this
cop to every lender
at $2
today
you go to a payday lender interest rate
of over 300 percent drop into a vicious
cycle of debt has gone
millions of some of the most vulnerable
people in this country postal office is
exist in almost every community in our
country one important way to provide Dec
banking opportunities for low-income
communities is to allow the United
States Postal Service to engage in basic
banking services
on wall street the federal reserve acted
with the Fed will say both of us today
that fear sense of urgency to come down
unemployment and low wages
to make more democratic institution
responsive to the needs of ordinary
Americans not just wall street has been
hijacked by the very bank is it is in
charge of regulating would be shocked to
know their Jamie Dimon the CEO of JP
served on the board of the New York Fed
at the same time that he received a
three hundred and ninety one billion
dollar bailout from the Federal Reserve
conflict of interest that I will as
president
boxes to be guarding the hen house at
the banking industry will be able to
serve on the boards and handpick its
members and special interest money out
of the economy and parked at the Fed
excess reserves of financial
institutions that are sitting in the
Federal Reserve have grown from less
than two billion in 2008 22 points for
Trillian dollars today that is absurd
instead of paying interest on these
reserves should be charged a fee that
could be used to provide affordable
loans to small businesses to create jobs
will tell you or anyone else can
effectively address crises facing the
working families of this country alone
no president can do it alone
the truth is that Wall Street corporate
America corporate media and wealthy
campaign donors are just too what this
campaign is building a political move
which revitalizes american democracy
which brings millions of people together
black white Latino Asian American Native
American native and immigrant people
enormous economic and political makes
huge campaign contributions they have
thousands of obvious and they provide
very generous speaking fees to those who
go before them has an endless supply of
money but we have something they don't
have and that is when millions of
working families together to make
fundamental changes in our lives we have
the power to bring about that change
not just a handful of wealthy
speculators and now more than ample that
is exactly what we must do to you today
is simple and straightforward if elected
president I will rein in Wall Street so
they cannot crash our economy again
on wall street like the No
thank you all