thank all of you here this afternoon
before I begin my remarks
let me give you a very short thumbnail
sketch of my political life because my
journey here to washington D C has been
a little bit different than many of my
colleagues join mention I was born in
Brooklyn New York 1941 my father came to
this country from Poland at the age of
17 without a penny in his pocket and
without much of an educational I always
think back about bravery was his as well
as many other millions of people who
came to this country with so little my
mom graduated high school in New York
City my dad worked for almost his entire
life as a paint salesman and we were
solidly lower-middle-class my parents my
brother and I believed in a small
rent-controlled apartment my mother's
dream was to move out of that small
apartment and i own a home of her own
she died young and she never fulfilled
that dream as a kid in many many ways I
learnt a lot of money means to a family
and that is a lesson
I have never forgot my wife Jane and I
have been married for 27 years we r for
break loose and seven beautiful
grandchildren and without trying to be
overly dramatic about it what motivates
me politically why I do what I do is to
make sure that these kids and all of our
children can live in a wonderful country
and a wonderful world representing the
great state of Vermont join indicated
the longest-serving independent in
american congressional history I served
16 years in the house and Vermont's lone
congressman in a 2006 I was elected to
the Senate reelected in 2012 I began my
rather unusual political career back in
1971 is a candidate for the US Senate on
a small third party called liberty and I
received two percent of the world not
dissuaded governor of the state of
Vermont and received one percent of all
not be the brightest light on the block
I ran again for the senate and received
four percent of the vote two years later
after governor and received sixty
percent of the vote I thought I would
give people want to break and I retired
from politics in 1976 remembering one
particular going said burning I promise
I will vote for you if you promise that
you will never run for office again in
1981 I was persuaded by some friends to
run for mayor of Burlington the largest
city in our state against the five-term
Democrat democratic mayor I ran as an
independent nobody but nobody thought we
had a chance to win we do not very
remarkable election we put together an
extraordinary coalition of workers and
trade unionists of environmentalists of
neighborhood activist low-income
organizations of women's groups of
college students and that type of
coalition politics are bringing people
together around a progressive agenda
changed my view of politics today in a
campaign which costs about $4,000 I the
people who supported me not on thousands
of doors in the city and let me tell you
it gets cold in Vermont in March
on election night when the votes were
counted we want the working class once
by something like two to one and won the
election by all of 40 boats it was the
biggest political upset in modern
history and after reading the margin of
victory was reduced to 10 goals without
going into any great lengths to your
local office with 11 out of the 13
members of the City Council Democrats
and Republicans in very strong
opposition to my agenda and trust those
of you in this room
think the president Obama has gotten a
rough time for republicans that was
nothing compared to what I am i
supported experience during my first
journal but one year later
of what we were attempting to do and
what we wanted to do a slate of
candidates working with me
defeated a number of the incumbent
obstructionists a year after that
election in which the voter turnout was
almost double what it was when I was
first elected i pretty easily defeated
Democratic and Republican candidates
continue to get reelected in my last
election defeated a candidate from both
political parties 1988 I ran for the US
Congress in a three-way race I came in
second with thirty eight percent of the
vote two years later won election 16
percent of winning with over 16 percent
more than my opponent in 2006 with
retirement of senator jim jeffords and
with the support of them
I one per month senate seat to go to the
wealthiest person in the state of
Vermont a candidate who spent three
times more money than anyone had ever
spent before and I'll say just three and
already very very negative rates I want
with 67 percent of the vote in a 2012
re-election with 71% as mayor of
Burlington my administration took on
virtually every special and powerful
interest in the city and in the state
against the wishes of developers and the
railroads we created a beautiful people
oriented waterfront and a bike path
along the way they Champlain we
developed the first municipal housing
land trusts in the country for a
portable housing we won national
recognition Berlin beautification by
planting thousands of trees throughout
the city and we make major improvements
in our streets and sidewalks we
implemented the largest environmental
program then in the state's history by
building a new wastewater facility for
that untreated waste going into the lake
we sought to use laws which created a
beautiful day casts a little program
after school programs and a team set up
all of which continue to exist today
with the first city in vermont to break
its dependence on the regressive
property tax we made major changes in
Burlington police dept moving in the
direction of community policing we saw a
very active and successful loss program
and Women's Council results for the last
several decades Burlington has been
considered to be one of the most
beautiful and livable cities in America
all of you not only the business
Burlington but the visit of beautiful
state of Vermont 1992 became first
independent elected to the US House and
forty years and during my first year
there along with four other house
members of the Congressional Progressive
Caucus which sounds today it's one of
the largest and most important caucuses
in congress doing a great job
representing the working of our country
one of the first votes in the house that
I cast was against the first Gulf War I
believe that history will record that
that was the white vote as well
foreign policy blunders in the modern
history of our country and also created
a situation where today hundreds of
thousands 500,000 men and women have
come home from Iraq and Afghanistan with
post-traumatic stress disorder and
traumatic brain injury home without the
law with arms and legs and their
eyesight and that is the course before
we get involved in another war we
remember what is really about
I was one of those against regulation
supported by both Republican and
Democratic leadership in retrospect I
think it is fair to say that most people
today do not believe that it was a great
idea to end class and to allow the greed
recklessness in illegal activity on wall
street to go unchecked
written by corporate america again
supported by democratic to republican
presidents agreements like nafta
permanent normal trade relations with
China and other trade agreements which
have cost us millions of decent paying
jobs and have led this country to a race
to the ball I strongly oppose the
trans-pacific partnership trade house
took on the pharmaceutical industry and
the outrageous prices they charge our
people and became the first member of
Congress to take americans across the
Canadian Auto to purchase prescription
drugs there and I will never forget that
trip where women struggling with press
cancel the medicine they need for 110 in
Montreal in the United States by
understanding today hundreds of
thousands of people have to continue
buying them medicine in canada rather
than the local is the chairman of the
Senate Veterans Committee I worked hard
in a bipartisan way to pass the most
significant veteran's legislation passed
in many many years this legislation over
fifteen billion dollars into improving
veterans healthcare into making certain
that the people who put their lives on
the line to defend us get the best
quality health care possible and get it
in a kindly man and I have
wonderful it is to have been the
recipient of the highest awards from
both the American Legion and VFW and I
am very grateful to them for that
someone wanted to learn about health
care and our dysfunctional health care
system I worked hard with representative
Jim Clyburn to put some twelve billion
dollars in federally qualified community
health centers which resulted in some
four million lower-income Americans
lower-income Americans gaining access to
health care dental care prescription
drugs and mental health counseling we
also significantly expand the National
Health Service goal to provide debt
forgiveness for new primary care
physicians the president was very
supportive of these efforts in my view
this program is one of the one of these
success stories of the Affordable Care
around as one of the leaders in the
center trying to combat the global
crisis of climate change won't I hope
past the energy efficiency block grant
program which put billions of dollars
into energy efficiency and sustainable
and working with several of my
colleagues I found the defending social
security costs us and we were successful
in beating back to try to cut programs
cut social security benefits with the
same old veterans from some of the most
powerful people in this country and
that's enough I will continue to make
brief description of political history
let me go to something more important
and that is the future of our country
and what I tell you now I suspect not
too many people who come up here we'll
talk about but as somebody who has been
described as a rugby grandfather to
Schiphol guys on capitol hill I have to
live up to my reputation so I really
rough today in a nation plagued by many
many concerns the most serious problem
we face is the protest growing level of
wealth
profound moral issue is a profound
economic issues and as a result of
citizens united it is a profound
political this is the issue all other
job creation and infrastructure tax
reform health care climate change the
environment education Barbosa
fundamentally impact impacted by income
and well let me tell you what very few
elected officials and that is that given
the incredible power of the billionaire
class over the economic like this
country over politics over me I am
absolutely convinced that the struggle
economically and social justice their
struggle for a strong middle class
struggle for a vibrant democracy in
which elections on not bought by the
wealthy will not be one you know like a
lesson unprecedented grass-roots
movement is the fellow which is prepared
to take on and defeat the power of the
1%
members of congress of those fifty years
ago and many other standing outside of
Martin Luther King small and modest tax
revenue Church in Montgomery I was
reminded that real change never takes
place without trouble without the active
participation of millions of people who
are prepared to stand up and fight for
justice of people who in fact are
prepared to put their lives on line in
those topics the political battle of our
time is not republicans versus democrats
it is not the political games inside the
beltway that preoccupy much of the
media's attention it is not the only
thirty second TBS deployed our airwaves
the political struggle of this moment in
our history is declining middle class of
millions of people working longer hours
for low wages if they are lucky enough
to have tools against the power of a
billionaire class
greed has no end
it is the struggle in american black
white Hispanic Asian Native American
women and men and the income to take
care of their families struggling for
retirement security struggling for a
decent education for their kids probably
by helmet cam broadly what dignity
against the greed of a few on top
apparently want it all of you know for
the last forty years the great middle
class of our country once the envy of
the entire world despite exploding
technology just like increased
productivity despite the global economy
and the increasing trade millions of
Americans today are working longer hours
for low wages and we have more people
living in poverty today that almost any
time in the modern history of america
today real unemployment is not by 0.5%
real unemployment is 11 percent if you
include those workers will given up
looking for work or working time when
they want to work full time employment
is almost 70% and African American youth
unemployment is 30%
law the highest rate of trial the
property of any major country on earth
and despite the modest successful
Affordable Care Act
40 million Americans continue to have no
health insurance while even more are
under heavy co-payments or deductibles
in their trucks policies we remain today
in 2050 the only major country on earth
that does not guarantee healthcare all
people and that is
came to my mind the Occupy Wall Street
movement consider themselves as to why
we are and why they since 1999
middle-class down by almost $5,000 after
adjusting for inflation the median male
work with a $700 less last year than he
did
42 years ago despite an explosion of
technology and productive today than we
were six years ago when bush left office
of course but anyone who does not
understand the suffering in the middle
class and working families about country
are experiencing today and sometimes
that's my perception of capitol hill
here in capitol hill and the rest of the
country I think it's imperative that we
close that gap begin what's going on
with the working families of this
country while the middle class continues
to disappear the wealthiest people in
the largest corporations like doing
phenomenally well and the gap between
the very very rich and everyone else is
growing wider and wider and white top
one percent now only forty-one percent
of the entire wealth of this country
while the bottom sixty percent loans
last then 2% today
credibly the top 10 11 percent now
as much well as the bottom 90% David
Walker 457 billion dollars more wealth
than the bottom forty percent of the
American big the fact of the matter is
over the last forty years we have
witnessed the Robin Hood principal a
reverse an enormous transfer of wealth
from the middle class and the pool the
multi millionaires and billionaires in
1985 share of the nation's well to the
bottom 99% was 36 percent in 2013 down
to just 22.8% if the bottom 90% simply
maintain the same share as it did 30
years ago you would have more than 10
trillion dollars
well is currently the case today we are
doing today which is 11 percent increase
their share of more than a trillion
dollars since the Great Wall Street
collapse
99% of all is going to the top one
percent of people all over this country
struggle they were out to feed their
kids they send their kids to college
childcare worried about their parents
99% generated unless goes to the top one
percent very rich get richer and
everybody else gets poorer
and 25,000 public school is supposed to
be I don't think so that piece of
legislation every piece of legislation
on behalf of the wealthy corporations
tell you you don't know what's going on
in Washington according to media reports
it appears that the Koch brothers are
prepared to spend more money in the next
election that either the Democratic or
Republican parties in other words one of
the second wealthiest families this
country worth approximately a hundred
billion dollars may well have a strong
political presence of the major from a
recent political company that's
developing detailed state of the art
profiles on 250 million Americans giving
the brothers political operation
all the earmarks of a national network
in-house expertise in polling message
testing advertising media buying groups
and automates and mastery of election
law corporate line that aggressive and
usurpation experimentation
operation actually exceeds Republican
National Committee's dollar operation
because they will only get wrong I want
everyone in this room right wing
political power of the two major
political parties in this country what
is the political system
well I think it is not cold democracy it
is cold oligarchy and that is the system
we are rapidly moving and that is a
system we must vigorously
improving economy jobs crisis what we do
we need to rebuild I'll probably a
trillion dollar piece of legislation
roads bridges airports water by the way
support the creation of 30 million
decent paying jobs $7.25 minimum wage
here at the federal level is a
starvation wage we need to raise over a
period of years to $15 an hour nobody
working 40 hours a week in this country
should wear
activity
regulate the six largest financial
institutions assets of sixty percent of
GDP president today you know what he
wants a break them off and he would we
want to break off the United States is
the only major country healthcare
program almost twice as much per capita
it is time for america character every
man woman at Roper public colleges to
try to cut Social Security Medicare
Medicaid needless to say I strongly
disagree
we've got to expand social security not
real tax reform it is not acceptable
that major corporation if the major
corporation taxes will lose a hundred
billion a year in revenue because these
companies money in the Cayman Islands
Bermuda the tax havens for these large
corporations to rejoin America
contribute $100 and by the way my
election campaigns I think the average
contribution $45 and I don't do is fund
raising money and I was thinking if I
was really enormous Lee success
million people a million dollars $100
that would be $300 an enormous sum of
money
one-third of what the Koch brothers
themselves so those caucuses with the
Democrats if you ran with you run as a
Democrat would you run as an independent
right question
getting bolder and bolder and grey or
gray I'll try to think through all these
republican values the republican party
has moved from a moderate centrist party
to a right-wing extremist
once the body of the American working
class
nobody was very few people perceive it
to be the case anymore and people more
and more people all over this country
are looking for alternatives to bodies
that's one of the reasons why one might
wonder what's the negative as you all
know it is awfully hard to run as a
candidate United billionaire billionaire
how do you put together how outside how
you get invited to the base of all due
respect to the media
gotta follow somebody was running as an
independent not to be in some cases
literally impossible to get on the
battle is the third party so those are
the issues we are also trying the
democrats anyway they're really makes
you an independent are you really a
democrat my discussion first victory was
defeating the five-term Democrat
defeated Democrats and Republicans for
many many years this is what I think I
think we have a political system right
now which I mentioned earlier this is
not the party of the white tees up David
Eisenhower and there's no way obviously
focus without I think within the
democratic party you have some great
people you have some really really good
people often don't get the credit they
deserve a mention the progressive caucus
in the house
many progressive in the senate working
night and day for working families so to
me given a member of the Senate
Democrats Republicans so there's not
much question about which caucus would
be enough I want to thank the democratic
leadership in the senate for treating
with very very very decently but to my
mind there's no question but the
democrats of all probable to the
republicans on the issues that concern
if you if you were elected how would you
work with congress there seems to be
gridlock between the White House and
Congress now with that be the same case
if you were in the white house is not
because of the so-called gridlock
every member of congress has a
personality defect and is unable to
communicate with people in the political
party whether people and that hehe
everybody around it just gets this is
what is the case is right now but the
United States Congress is represented
of where the american people out of
touch the American people say raise the
minimum wage tax breaks for billionaires
American people say we have to move
towards sustainable clean energy and
energy efficiency United States Congress
says the Keystone pipeline and on and on
and that is a very important for sure
what happened up a lot of respect and
personal affection
climbed away and his contemporaries and
I think that is a politician one
campaigns of Los only this but if you
would ask me what use major mistake has
been is that he thought that after
putting this extraordinary grassroots
movement of working-class people and
getting elected to the presidency and
then he thought he could sit down with
republicans and negotiate all these fine
agreements he was the only way that any
president taking on the billionaire
class can succeed the only possible way
is to mobilize people to say the
congress guess what this is what you
ought to you all gonna raise the minimum
wage you all gonna create millions of
jobs you all gonna protect our veterans
and I will see you you're not going to
get tax breaks for the rich you all
gonna make college and we are watching
you and if you know who this legislation
you're not going to return to Lowes what
I will say with 100% certain that if we
continue on how the elections in with 63
percent of the people don't vote eighty
percent of which will only get richer
and will continue to dominate what goes
on here so to answer your question any
serious president to watch represent
working mens hostel mobilize people all
over this country to make the congress
they can't refuse to run against them it
would be like to debate the serious
issues facing our country as intelligent
people should be going on
and let me say this again this is how I
always get myself in trouble why we
can't have that if the media that
instead of political let us talk about
the real issues and respect different
points of view but when sixty-three
percent of the people in a poll last
year which political parties control the
house and the senate something is wrong
political consciousness in this country
so what we need simple intelligent
debate on the real issues they see the
American people not more political
gossip who slipped on a banana peel who
said something so I did today but how do
we
transforming our energy system so we can
save the planet from climate change how
do we do with a level not easy stop how
do we do those are the issues that
serious people total transparency people
like yourself should talk about
one person we have in the industrialized
11% about people unemployed today are
you gonna put those people back to work
but are you worried that so few people
have so much political power
those are questions I don't hear very
much about so it turns out I don't know
a whole lot of you know I know what you
know about the rules are quite frankly
from the polls in person at the front
desk I'm gonna close are we getting on
hillary's emails in Washington Dec 02
president and what do you think about
the push by Republicans to have the
federal audit I was involved in dog
friend for the first time in the history
of the united states passed i didnt
tired but during the financial crisis
I think they found out during the
financial crisis six trillion sixteen
trillion dollars was led out to portray
the every financial institution major
financial institution in the united
states and central banks all over the
world
$60 and yet working families today have
to figure out how to pay seven or eight
percent interest rates with their kids
to go to college
maybe we should practice low-interest
loans for working families and those
greedy financial institutions in terms
of that is legislation to live without
here's an example of strange bedfellows
all of which we managed to pass the Fed
doesn't make sense to me
defense in we're running short of time
so try to combine a few of them and you
can jump in cuba pose two wars in Iraq
and Afghanistan if you were president
how would you have responded to the
attacks of September 11 2001 that's one
question and another questioner notes
that you are a big advocate of cutting
defense spending yes this person also
believes your supporter of the f35
program which has come under
criticism is being wasteful so how do
you reconcile that still f35 in
September 11 first voted no but I did
and the reason I did it obviously we
knew pretty good idea
attack on 911 opposed the war in Iraq
and i think is too difficult a simple
things that happen but this is what we
have been Iraq and Afghanistan over the
course of the war in human life as a
very very long at some of my colleagues
help in getting us that was in the
quagmire of Middle East and I will do my
best to oppose right now what you have
is a situation where is an example
Saudi Arabia country control
multi-billion dollar one of the
wealthiest families in the world turns
out that Saudi Arabia has the fourth
largest military budget
in the world now why god's name is the
united states contemplating sending
complex rules into iraq again when you
got the sort of sitting there watching
us do that I think what you have now in
the Middle East is in fact the sole of
his slumping will it be the peaceful
religion believe it will be a nice and I
think it is absolutely
Saudi Arabia Jordan for the countries in
that region to get actively involved in
the effort against the United States and
Western Europe should be supportive but
I do not believe that the United States
should lead