bringing forth but the day-to-day work
that you were doing in terms of job
training in terms of helping small
businesses secure financing and
contracts and the help that you provided
families with counseling when they are
trying to realize the American dream of
homeownership and that just a few of the
areas that you have excelled in a little
bit different than others I am the
longest-serving independent in the
history of the united states congress
and I am running for President of the
United States today within the
Democratic primary and caucus process it
is my belief from the bottom of my heart
I would not be running for president if
I thought otherwise
that given the enormous crisis that this
country faces today
crises that may be more severe than any
time since the great depression of the
nineteen thirties that frankly it is too
late for establishment policies it is
too late for establishment politics it
is too late for establishment economics
we need some new thinking some bold
thinking and most importantly this may
make some people nervous
I think when we have a nation today
where a handful of billion as
unbelievable influence over the economic
and political life of this country there
is nothing significant that we will
accomplish unless we have the courage to
take them on and that is what this
campaign is about that you have outline
for this conference are exactly right
save our cities education jobs and
justice as I get into those things look
first point that I want to make is
perhaps the most important and I do
understand that was some people this is
uncomfortable but I believe it has to be
addressed and that is that the United
States of America two-day
country in the history of the world what
most people don't know that because much
of that well is concentrated in the
hands of a few today in America we have
more wealth and income inequality than
any other major country on earth and it
is worse today than at any time since
to me it is not acceptable that the top
one-tenth of one percent owns almost as
much well as the bottom 90% it is not
acceptable that one family family that
owns more wealth than the bottom of the
american people it is not acceptable in
the last two years the 14 wealthiest
people saw their wealth increased by a
hundred and fifty seven billion dollars
more well that is owned by the bottom
one hundred and thirty million Americans
the truth of the matter is that we can
not run away from that reality income
and wealth inequality is the great moral
issue of our time it is a great economic
issue of our time it is the great social
and political issue of our time and to
get up we must address that issue
a few days ago former President Jimmy
Carter described the American political
system as corrupt he described the
United States as an oligarchy with
unlimited political bribery being the
essence of getting the nomination for
president elected president what he was
talking about is the disastrous Supreme
Court decision in Citizens United
decision which says the wealthiest
people in this country you already own
the economy now we're going to give you
the opportunity to buy the United States
government that decision is undermining
the very foundations of American
democracy what men and women have fought
and given their lives to defend you tell
me what it means when one family the
Koch brothers family will spend more
money on this election cycle than either
the democratic party or the republican
party spent almost a billion dollars to
buy candidates will make the rich richer
and everyone else floral Dr me is not
democracy that is key
that's what we've got to overturn this
disastrous Citizens United decision and
I guarantee you that all of the issues
the candidates have talked about that
you believe it will not take place when
a handful of wealthy people are able to
control our political system now
when we talk about education I trust
that all of you know is that we live in
a highly competitive global economy to
my mind it is insane and I use that word
advised that we have hundreds of
thousands of bright young people often
minorities who have the desire to have
the ability to get a higher education
and go to college but they can't go to
college for the simple reason their
families cannot afford the tuition that
is absurd we need to have the best
educated workforce in the world and not
tell hundreds of thousands of bright
young people that they cannot make it
into the middle class ladylike cannot
contribute as engineers as doctors aside
this and that is why I will fight for
its president to make every public
college and university in America 23
and what that means is that kids in the
fourth grade and in the sixth grade will
know that if they study hard pay
attention to their school work even if
their parents like my parents did you go
to college kids in the neighborhood did
not go to college they will be able to
go to college because the incomes of
their families will not be a determining
factor this will revolutionize education
I think and when we talk about education
but we also have to understand to be
frank is the world has changed since the
nineteen forties and fifties mom is in
the workplace dad is in the workplace we
need a first-class child-care pre-k
in this country in my state and all over
this country working class families
struggling to find affordable quality
child care child care workers are paid
minimum wage that is not how we treat
the most vulnerable children in America
universal pre-k teacher obviously a word
about jobs you read every month that
unemployment is 5.3 percent government
comes out with a statistic please know
that that statistic is only one of many
statistics the government releases are
drops that statistic does not include
those people were given up looking for
work and those people working part-time
millions when they want to work full
time real unemployment is that 5.3% it
is 10.5% it is a crisis and I'll let me
tell you what very few people are
talking about which is an even greater
crisis and ideas
youth unemployment which we don't talk
about at all I ask paul asked the study
for an economic policy and
and they came up with the results that
nobody is questioning let's do this if
you are a white kid between 17 and 22
graduates high school you have a 33
percent unemployment right if you are an
hispanic did you have a 36 percent
unemployment rate if you are an
african-american kids seventeen to
twenty high school graduate
have a 51 percent unemployment rate that
is unacceptable that is turning our
backs on an entire generation and we
must not allow that to continue now when
people talk about but ratcheting up the
United States having more people in jail
than any other country including China
one of the contributing factors is that
we got five and a half million young
people that america in my state in your
states without education hanging around
on street corners doing bad things
it is a very strong opinion that it
makes a lot more sets for us to be
investing in jobs and education rather
than jails and it cost inflation
along with representative john conyers I
introduced legislation that would create
one million jobs over the next several
years for unemployed and that is why I
have introduced legislation that calls
for a trillion dollar investment in
rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure
creating thirteen million decent paying
jobs and when we talk about jobs and
income
let me be very clear to $7.25 minimum
wage that exists nationally is in my
view a starvation wage and that is why
the last week alongside the fast food
industry was standing up and fighting
for dignity I introduced the legislation
that will move us to $15 an hour minimum
wage over the next few years has done a
lot of good things but we should
understand that the United States today
remains the only major country on earth
does not guarantee health care of all
people as a right and that is why I will
continue fighting and introduce
legislation for a Medicare for All
single-payer program guaranteeing health
care every man woman and trial justice
when we talk about the need for all
people in america to be treated equally
and with dignity
we've got a deal with some hard
realities and those realities include
the fact that today if you can believe
it and I know UK
one in four black males today can expect
to spend time in prison during their
lifetime unless we change that
dynamics this is an unspeakable tragedy
and this country can no longer ignore
that blacks are in prison at six times
the rate of whites a report by the
Department of Justice found that blacks
what three times more likely to be
searched during a traffic stop
compared to white motorists
african-americans are twice as likely to
be arrested and almost four times as
likely to experience to use of thoughts
during encounters with police
13% in this is an extraordinary figure I
think not an accident
thirteen percent of african-american men
have lost the right to vote due to
felony convictions can't participate in
the democratic political process now in
my view we need some major changes in
criminal justice in America and is
president of the united states I promise
you my justice will be vigorous in
fighting all forms of discrimination in
every area of our life not only in
police matters but in housing in credit
in every area it impacts minority
populations across our nation is all of
you know and we see almost every day too
many african-americans and other
minorities find themselves subjected to
a system there treat citizens who have
not committed crimes as if they were
criminals a growing number of
communities throughout this country do
not trust the police and police have
become disconnected
from the communities they are sworn to
protect what i was mayor of Burlington
Vermont the largest city in the state
one of the things that we did and I
believe this very strongly as we move
toward community policing community
policing means that police are part of
the community
not seen as a presses in the community
and that is the direction that we've got
to move Cidre bland Michael Braun Rickie
avoid a Ricardo Walter Scott pretty
great to me Rice Samuel most we know
their names each of them died at the
hands of police offices or in police
custody let us all be very clear
violence and brutality of any kind
particularly at the hands of law
enforcement sworn to protect and serve
their communities is unacceptable and
must not be tolerated
we must reform our criminal justice
system black lives do matter and we must
value black lights we must move away
from the militarization of police forces
have all seen on TV this heavy duty
equipment looks like they're invading
the city going to war and that is not
the signal that police should be sending
around this country believes should be
part of the community
not an impressive plus we need a justice
department which takes the lead in
working with states and localities to
train police offices for us should be
the last resort not the first resort
what people who have committed crimes
that i've landed them in jail there
needs to be a path back to prison
the recidivism rate in this country is
incredibly high people go to jail
jobs they have no money they have the
housing and then we are
when they end up in jail
we must end the overcoat oscillation
violent young Americans who do not pose
a serious threat to our society it is an
international embarrassment that we have
more people in jail than any other
country it is obscenity that we
stigmatize so many young americans with
a criminal record for smoking marijuana
but not one major Wall Street exact it
has been prosecuted for causing the deal
collapse of our entire economy doesn't
make a whole lot of sense to me we need
to end prisons for profit I do not want
corporations making money and more money
based on how many people we lost off of
serious a defective warrant should not
be how many people go to jail but how
many people we can keep out of jail we
need to invest in drug court and medical
and mental health interventions mental
health what so many people in jail are
dealing with mental health issues that I
can tell you as a senator I get calls I
think others who was well senator my
brother I'm worried what he's going to
do it himself to other people we
searched desperately for affordable
mental health care we can't find it
that's going on all over america that is
a story that has to change
we have to take a hard look
and the tragedy last month in South
Carolina reminds me of that so strongly
that there are still those who seek to
terrorize and they all terrorists the
african-american community with violence
and intimidation some of us thought that
I had ended fifty years ago but it
hasn't we need to make sure that federal
resources are available to crack down on
the illegal activities of hate groups
there are hundreds of groups in this
country
sole reason for existence is hatred of
african-americans hatred of immigrants
hatred of Jews hatred of catholics that
has got to end of the federal government
must be active in ending that brothers
and sisters thank you very much for
allowing me to be with you and share
some ideas and let me conclude maybe in
the tone that I began
and that is very very difficult days no
question about it but I believe that if
we stand together as a people if we
don't let people divide us by race
gender sexual orientation by what
country we will if we stand together if
we have the courage to take on those
people today whose greed is destroying
America we do that there is nothing that
we cannot accomplish