like you
thank you to lose
and let me let me begin by saying that
we have done rallies all over this
country and we've had great people trade
unionist environmentalists women's
advocate introducing us but I have never
heard people young people
the kinds of introductions and
statements that hurt the night into Sun
and what it tells me and Raul Raul made
this point what it tells me is that when
we stand together as white black and
Latino and Native American and Asian
American when we stand together there is
nothing that can stop us from
transforming this country
and let me just thanking congressman
Raul Grijalva not only for his
friendship with so many years not only
for his coat chairmanship of the
Progressive Caucus by four but for his
decades of fighting for civil rights for
all of how much we all were the first
Americans and then we will protect them
that young man bob della Rosa and rugby
thank those who are young ladies Maria
Isabel Maria Teresa if we know that
wonderful rendition of the national
anthem frankly it is hard to follow in
the footsteps of these young people
beautiful young people make us all so
proud now I asked by the media
why it is that we are tracked turn out
like this why so many people in Tucson
around tonight by 24,000 people are out
in Boston last week
28,000 people couple of months ago were
out in portland oregon the media is
asking happening that we are raising
money without a super PAC
we were all told we were all closed all
of the political experts said that the
only way you can compete it's by picking
millionaires and billionaires and super
PACs for money we said no and our
campaign has received six hundred and
fifty thousand individual contributions
and the average contribution and there's
warms my heart the average contribution
is not two thousand it's not fifty
thousand it is $30 a person
this is not a billion
and when the media ask how is all of
this happening
who is going to respond to the call for
a political revolution it turns out that
the people in Tucson and people all over
this country are prepared to stand up to
Israel set and make sure and make sure
that our government belongs to all of us
and not just a handful of billion
that the american people are sick and
tired of establishment politics they are
sick and tired of establishment
economics the people of this country
understand that almost all of the new
wealth and income being created is going
to the top one percent
and the american people are saying loud
and clear we want an economy that works
for workers not the very rich
and the american people understand that
as a result of the Citizens United
Supreme Court decision you know about
citizens united that as a result of that
decision
our campaign finance system our
political system is totally corrupt and
american democracy is being under budget
before I get into the thrust of my
remarks I wanted to take a brief moment
to tell you what I expect most of you
already know and that is the today on
two campuses in our country one at Texas
Southern University student was shot and
killed and one was wounded and as you
know in your own state northern Arizona
State University in Plex left one
student was killed and three were
wounded now goes without saying it goes
without saying that our condolences go
to the families of those who were killed
in our hearts and prayers go out for a
full recovery but those that were
wounded but we also know that we are
tired of condolences and we are tired of
just press
we are tired and we are in Paris in
picking up the paper or turning on the
TV and seeing children in elementary
schools lauded and young people on
college campuses and the truth of the
matter is I wish I could tell you other
was the issue of gun violence is not
gonna be solved easily but just beat
callers it is not going to be solved
easily does not mean that we do not
address it and do the best we can
I can stay later Ramon like you and I
invite you all up early in the summer
and will come here in the website is
that I come from a slate which has a
history going back to its very creation
of people owning guns hunting doing
target practice but the truth and having
virtually no gun control at all today
but what the people of Vermont
understand is that we need to have a
serious conversation and stop the
yelling and the meaning of all people
involved in this issue
overwhelmingly the american people
understand that it is crazy that people
who should not all guns guns they are
all too well nearly that not only we do
we need to strengthen the instant
background check we need to broaden it
as well
and they understand that it makes no
sense that we have a loophole in the law
so that people can go to gun shows and
by weapons without having to go through
the instant background check people
understand that's wrong and I just got
to church and there are many people in
this country who do not why we are
selling and distributing allowing to be
distributed assault weapons which child
only one function and that is the
killing of people
and people do not understand why we do
not have legislation to prevent people
from buying guns legally what they sell
again to criminals was so close strong
min situation and also what people don't
understand is that in my state it all
over this country they are all people
who are experiencing severe emotional
problems all over this country we have
thousands of people who are suicidal or
homicidal what they cannot get the help
they need when they need it
a revolution in mental health delivery
in this country
somehow if you are involved in an
automobile accident in your hurt you get
rushed to an emergency rule and you get
good care people save you like but if
you are suffering a mental breakdown and
you are suicidal or homicidal you may
not be able to find the care you need
because there are doctors or counselors
available or you cannot afford that but
I think while yes there are
disagreements over how we go forward in
terms of gun safety I think the vast
majority of the american people want us
to goof ball in sensible way which keep
guns out of the hands of people who
should not have that a clutch down on
these senseless murders that we see
every week
and let me also say a word on an issue
that I know is obviously of enormous
consequence all over this country but
maybe more and Arizona than in many
other areas and that is the issue of
immigration reform and let me begin by
saying I know a little bit about
immigration my father came to this
country at the age of 17 from poland he
came to this country not speaking a word
of English came to this country without
a nickel in his pocket and he never made
a whole lot of money I grew up in a
three and a half
room rate controlled apartment in
Brooklyn New York and my mother's dream
was that someday maybe our family would
own home and not have to rent that never
happened she died young and her dream
never came to pass but my parents both
of them were enormously proud my father
may be especially to see his two sons go
to college and he enjoyed the
opportunities that america gave him in
there was no prouder American young man
who came to this country at the age of
my family's story is the story very
similar to many people who are here
tonight and that story is the story of
America it is the story of hard-working
families coming into this country to
create a brighter future for their
children
it is a story
rooted in family and fueled by hope it
is a story that continues to this day in
families all across our country today is
everyone here knows we have eleven
million people in this country who are
undocumented who came to this country to
improve their lives to escape oppression
fleeing desperate poverty and violence
let's be frank today's undocumented
workers play an extraordinarily
important role in our economy
where our workers it is likely that our
outlook cultural system would collapse
and dock workers are doing the hardest
work in this country they all our crops
building our homes cooking meals caring
for our kids they are
fabric of this country
11 million people came to this country
so they could feed their families
escape gang violence and desperate
economic circumstances
let me also be very clear that people
came to this country because they know
that there were jobs and if anyone
thinks that employers throughout america
didn't know that the workers they were
hiring undocumented they would walk
that is the reality of where we
employers were complicit hiring
undocumented workers for low wages
that's the fact of wages alright let me
tell you a little story if I might lack
in 2007 as the senator from vermont I
went to a place called Immokalee Florida
anybody know what is unique about
Immokalee Florida small town near Naples
that's where they grow postal the
tomatoes low-grade tomatoes used by
McDonald Burger King I went there on the
day that I visited just coincidentally
the USA eternity what's bringing charges
against a contract or for slavery in two
thousand and seven people were being
held in voluntarily to work in the
fields
and I saw their working conditions and
the exploitation that these workers
experience and I saw her rent does
housing that they lived in and i'm happy
to tell you that we are hearing on this
issue in washington we made some
progress wages went up working
conditions went off while there are many
Immokalee all over this country where
undocumented workers all be exploited
and when you explore the people who
cannot defend themselves when you
exploit people by paying low wages what
you are doing is creating a race to the
bottom for every worker in america
let me tell you something else people
can have disagreements about immigration
reform but in the year 2015 it is not
acceptable
stooping to racism and demagoguery in
order to win some political goals
it is not acceptable
it is american should be defining a
whole group of people come from Mexico
and calling them criminals and Rick
warehouse for so hard in this country
for hundreds of years to end racism
discrimination in 2015 to that kind of
ugly language
in two thousand and thirteen I proudly
supported comprehensive immigration
reform legislation that passed the USS
said it now this is not what I do not
the provisions of the DREAM Act which
strongly support and which would offer
the opportunity of permanent residency
and eventual citizenship to young people
who are brought to the United States as
children by believe that we should
recognize the young men and women who
comprise the dream is for what they are
american kids who deserve the right to
legally be in the country where chance
that home
Senate bill was far from perfect but at
least it began the process of moving us
in the right direction it is beyond my
comprehension that the House of
Representatives has not yet even be the
discussion on immigration it's hurting a
racism maybe they want to deal with this
issue in a serious way we can't pass
comprehensive immigration reform we must
be as aggressive as we can in pursuing
policies that are you made and sensible
and that keep families together
and this includes taking measures that
are currently available including using
the presidential power of executive
orders when appropriate
while the Senate passed the DREAM Act in
its immigration bill and while the house
has not yet acted I think President
Obama did exactly the right thing there
is executive Lloyd but deferred action
for childhood arrivals daca disclosed
was a good first step but should be
expanded deferred action should be
expanded to include the parents of
citizens parents of legal permanent
residence and the parents of drinkers
our job is to families together not tear
them apart when we talk about issues
facing this country be ongoing violence
beyond immigration we are talking about
the fact that in the United States today
we have boy income and wealth inequality
than any other major country on earth
and it is worse today in America than at
any time since 1928 let me be very clear
there is something profoundly wrong in
this country when the top one tenth of
one percent all almost as much well as
the bottom 90%
that is not what America is supposed to
be about there is something profoundly
wrong went in our results are in Vermont
and all over this country people are
working three jobs people are working
incredible hours in order to put food on
the table and yet 58% of old new income
is going to the top one percent that's
look there is something wrong in this
country went in recent years we have
seen a proliferation of millions and
billions as yet we have the highest rate
of childhood poverty of any major
country are there is something wrong
when in the last two years the 14
wealthiest people in this country
fourteen people have seen their wealth
increase by a hundred and fifty six
billion dollars
well that is sold by the bottom 130
million americans what this campaign is
about sending a message to the
billionaire class and that message is
you cannot have it all
to the greedy is that you get more tax
breaks
children in america go hungry
you are not going to provide
compensation packages to the CEOs of
large corporations at the same time
cutting the health care and the wages
and pensions workers
not just the grotesque level of income
and wealth inequality it is about the
fact that yes we are a lot better off
economically today than we were when
bush left office that's true you know my
Republican friends suffer from the
disease
short term amnesia oil their views the
Barack Obama's closed every problem in
the history of the world yet they took
seven years ago
800,000 people of monks were losing
their jobs they seem to have forgotten
that the world's financial system as a
result of the greed and recklessness on
Wall Street was on the verge of collapse
and they seem to forget great deficit
hawks that they were in the bush we ran
up the largest deficit in the history of
america
but while we are better off today than
we were seven years ago there is no the
truth and that is for the last forty
years the great middle class of this
country has been disappearing what we
have seen in recent years an explosion
of technology workers big fall more
productive as yet most of all people are
working longer hours for low wages what
we have seen is median family income in
this country going down by four thousand
dollars since 1999 what we have seen is
male workers the average male worker the
middle of the economy making hundreds of
dollars less than he did forty years ago
in women making less today than they did
seven years ago
what political revolution that we are
involved is about yet we are going to
create an economy that works for all of
us and not just the people on top
lot talked about enough real
unemployment in this country if you
include those people have given up
looking for work in the media or working
part-time 85 percent it is 10% and now
let me tell you something that very few
people talk about and I did the crisis
of youth unemployment in this country
couple of months ago I asked some
economist to do a study for me and I
asked them to tell me what real youth
unemployment and underemployment was for
high school graduates not dropouts high
school graduates between the ages of 17
and 20 and this is what they told me for
white kids real unemployment 33% or
Latino kids real unemployment 36% for
African American kids real unemployment
51%
you know the words we are turning our
backs on a generation of young people
who want to stand up on their own two
feet they want to earn some money they
want to get out of the house they want
to begin their lives as adults and what
we are saying to them there are no jobs
available for you but let me tell you
something else that we are saying to
these young people today in America we
have more people in jail than any other
country on earth . million people in
jail
disproportionately black and Latino now
it seems to me when you have youth
unemployment at thirty forty or fifty
percent maybe just maybe it makes sense
to invest in education and jobs
there is a promise is a promise I don't
make a whole lot of campaign promises
you got one here tonight if elected
president the United States of America
will not have more people in jail than
any other country
where send our young people to jobs and
school not
and when we talk about the economy in
america today and when we talk about
white people working such long hours so
many jobs it has everything to do with
the fact that wages in America are just
too low as all of you know the federal
minimum wage is $7.25 an hour
the arithmetic as well as I kept you
about the boy suffered a quarter or $8
like 40 hours a week 52 weeks a year and
what you end up with is not enough money
to take care of a family
and that is why I believe that the
minimum wage has got to be raised to a
living wage
and what we talked about fair wages I
hope every man here will stand with the
women and fight but pay equity for women
workers
there is no rational economic reason why
women are earning 79 cents on the dollar
compared to ban it is simply sexism it's
got it
now in the in the campaign season we
often hear a whole lot about family
values republican family values about
families by you all know that when
republicans talk about family values
what they are talking about is their
belief that women in this country should
not have the right to control their own
bodies I disagree
about family values what they are
talking about is that our gay brothers
and sisters should not have the right to
get married
my wife Jane just been and I have been
married for 27 years we have four great
kids and seven beautiful grandchildren
we believe in family values but they're
not republican family values
at the top of my list of family values
for the United States to end the
international embarrassment of being the
only nature country on earth that does
not guarantee paid family medical leave
when a working-class woman has a baby
she should not be forced to go back to
work a week or two weeks after the birth
of that baby and that its while I
believe that our country has got to join
the rest of the industrialized world and
guarantee at least three months
up a family of medically brothers and
sisters when we talk about the economy
what is always on people's minds is the
issue of jobs jobs jobs people on
dissent how difficult it is to go out
and get a job that pays a living wage
well it seems to me that have real
unemployment is 10% if you thought
employment is thirty forty or fifty
percent the United States government
must undertake a massive federal jobs
program to put millions of people back
door
I want to see this country hiring
teachers not firing
I want to cities and towns higher II
trial care workers so that our kids get
the quality child care they need
and went our infrastructure our roads
our bridges water systems rail airports
levees and dams are collapsing all over
this country I want to see millions of
workers getting back to work rebuilding
and when we talk about the economy we
cannot help but talk about the greed and
fraud and dishonesty and arrogance of
those who work on Wall Street all of you
know that as a result of the greed and
recklessness and illegal behavior of
Wall Street this country was driven into
the worst economic downturn since the
nineteen thirties what some of you may
not know you may not know this but today
fool largest banks are much larger today
than they were when we bailed them out
because they were too big to fail
when we have six banks in this country
are showing two-thirds of the credit
cards and over 35% of all mortgages in
my view when you have a six large banks
that have a six equivalent to 60 percent
of the GDP of this country when you have
banks that are too big to fail in my
view they are too big to exist
we've got a break them up
I want to see financial system where
credit unions and community banks are
out there making loans to small and
medium-sized businesses not all wall
street which long island unto itself
overly concerned about their profits
brothers and sisters when we talk about
what's going on in this country today
there is one issue which impacts every
of the issue and that is five years ago
5240 the United States Supreme Court
rules through citizens united that
billions and billions as would be able
to purchase the United States government
what they say what is to the wealthiest
people in this country that said you
guys already own
much of the economy we are now gonna
give you the opportunity to own the
government and the result of that is the
wealthiest people in this country are
pouring huge amounts of money into
campaigns in order to elect candidates
whose sole function in life is to
represent the rich and the powerful
one family in America but second
wealthiest families the Koch brothers
you got this family and what they wanted
to cut social security they want to
eliminate Social Security Letter want to
cut medicare eliminate Medicare and
Medicaid and the Environmental
Protection Agency they don't want to
simply not raise the minimum wage they
want to do with the concept of the
minimum wage so workers can work with
300 bucks and I'll
this family is going to spend some 900
million dollars in this election cycle
in other words what democracy has become
one vote they have one vote plus nine
hundred billion dollars now when you how
one family spending more money on a
campaign the life of a democratic party
or the republican party you are not
talkin about democracy you are talking
about and we got good stuff
here is my second promise to you tonight
and that is that no nominee of mind to
the USS Supreme Court will get that
position unless he or she is loud and
clear
telling the american people that they
will vote to overturn Citizens United
by the way when we talk about democracy
and we talked about the fact that brave
men and women throughout our history
have fought and died to defend democracy
it is important to say a word about
those republican governors and
legislators who are trying to suppress
the vote all over this country that i've
been involved in a lot of election
sometimes I've lost sometimes I have one
but it is never occurred to me to figure
out a way to deny the vote to people who
disagree with me and would vote against
me I regard it as an act of political
cowardice colors for people to not have
the guts to go out in a free and fair
election the think the only way they can
win islamic horrible low-income people
young people people of color to vote and
my suggestion to those people if you are
afraid of a fair election get another
job
anything to say about it and I will if
elected president there will be one law
fifty states in his country and that is
if you're eighteen years of age you are
registered dogs out
when we talk about democracy let me tell
you what I wanna see all want to see
this country one of the highest voting
turnout of any country not one of the
lowest voter turnouts and I want to see
anybody here tonight regardless of their
political views if you wanna run for
office i want you to be able to run for
office without having to big campaign
contributions from wealthy people and
that is why I support public funding of
elections
and let me touch on another issue of
enormous consequence we live as all of
you know in a highly competitive global
economy and if we are going to seek see
now and in the future we need the best
educated workforce in the world that
means that means that with Mom and Dad
go to work they know that their kids are
in high-quality pre-k programs that they
can afford it
public school teachers are adequately
funded
and this is what it also sees it in
american we've got legislation it to do
this every public college and university
must be
it is hopefully think about it for a
second we have hundreds of thousands of
bright young people in this country they
are qualified they're ready to go to
college they can't go for one reason
their families lack the money what we
are doing is pulling out the latter form
right underneath them give them the
opportunity to make it into the middle
class to become teachers or doctors or
engineers or scientists that is unfair
to those young people but it is unfair
to the future of this country our job
is the capture the best intellect so
that we can to say to young people you
can't get the education because your
families lack the money is totally
absurd totally absurd and what we are
also gonna deal with is the absurd
situation today
of millions of young people and people
not so young who are struggling with
high levels of student debt now I spoke
two years ago I spoke to young woman in
burlington vermont her dream was to go
to medical school become a primary care
physician for low-income people exactly
what we need our penalty for doing what
this country desperately needs was
coming out of school
$300,000 it does
all over this country there is a
Deadpool crisis we need deadliest we
need to make sure that people can afford
to go to get this that they could access
to access that came out of school
$400,000 a debt all over this country
people are graduating school deeply in
debt that take twenty twenty-five
percent of their incomes on student debt
now what i don't understand when we talk
about student that how does it happen
that people are Scott with student that
interest rates of 68 10 percent when you
could refinance your home the 23 for the
site so our legislation will allow
people to refinance at the lowest
interest rates they could find it will
get the government out of the business
of profiteering lot of working-class
families
now people so well so great idea burning
but it is expensive their right it is
expensive
going to cost about 70 billion a year
you know we're gonna pay for it
attacks on Wall Street speculation
when Wall Street collapsed in 2008 they
came back the taxpayers of this country
oh please bill of sale will be good boys
well now it's wall street's turn to bail
out the middle class
and when we talk about our
responsibilities as human beings and his
parents there is nothing more important
than leaving our planet healthily and
habitable for our kids and our
grandchildren Pope Francis is rights
debate is over the scientific community
is virtually unanimous climate change is
real it is close by human activity and
it is already causing devastating
problems throughout our country and much
of the world we have a moral
responsibility to lead the world to work
with China and Russia and India
countries all over this world is
transforming our energy system away from
fossil fuel
so energy efficiency and sustainable
energy
and when we talk about needs of the
american people of where we want to go
as a donation I hope that every person
here knows that there is only one major
wealthy nation on earth that does not
guarantee health care to all people as a
right that is the United States of
America that is going to change the
Affordable Care Act has done a lot of
good I was proud to support it but we
have got to go further
29 million people still have no health
insurance and many more are underinsured
with high premiums and high deductibles
in my view we have got to move toward a
Medicare for All single-payer program
health care is a right of all people not
a privilege
and when we talk about where we want to
go as a nation we have got to understand
the world we oppose a long way in
overcoming discrimination and racism and
prejudice sadly and tragically racism
remains alive and well in america and I
promise you my third promise there will
be no president who will fight hard to
end institutional racism in this country
and reform a broken criminal justice
system
the first point maybe the most important
point is that no president not Bernie
Sanders anybody else can address the
enormous problems that we face in this
country and I touched on some of them so
enormous problems no president can do
you know why let me tell you what no
other candidate with the powers that be
in this country that is corporate
america Wall Street corporate media the
large campaign donors they are so
powerful that no president of loan can
effectively take them on and bring about
the changes that we need in this country
to add room lives working people the
only way that real change takes place is
when we make it political revolution in
which millions of people in all black in
white and Latino and Native American and
Asian American gays and straights then
and women people who were born in this
country people who were born in other
countries now what politics in america
is about touched on this is our
opponents are trying to divide us they
are trying to divide those who are born
in this country from those who weren't
there trying to divide straight people
from gay people men or women and I were
antidote is to say that I know you not
deployed we are going to stay together
and we are gonna say yes your when your
super PACs may have all the body but we
have something you don't have and what
we have a look around you can I we are
the people
and a simple political fact and this is
just a fact of history is that when
people stand together in demand change
we never lose we never lose think about
it for a moment
think about it think about the civil
rights struggle of millions of people
coming together saying we're gonna and
racism in America think about women
coming together and say we're not going
to be second class citizens and think
about the environmental community coming
together and see your address the
environmental crises that we face think
about the progress made in recent years
led by the gay community in their
straight allies
when we stand together and we say you
know we're gonna create an economy that
just just doesn't make the rich richer
but it's gonna give dignity and security
to the elderly because we are not going
to cut social security we're going to
expand social security now my message
than I is please do not think small the
big you are living now we could have if
we were poor country we could have a we
would have a very different type of
discussion if you're a poor country that
people would have to say it's too bad we
can't afford to send their kids to
college we can't afford health care
people brothers and sisters you were
living today
in the wealthiest country in the history
of the world which very few people
understand that because almost all of
the well is going to the people on the
top
utopian thinking to say that when we
think big and when we stand together we
can create a situation where every man
woman and child in this country has
health care as a right not your clothes
thinkin it existed every other major
country it is not utopian thinking to
say that we can have the best childcare
and pre-k system in the world
it is thought utopian thinking because
many other countries already do it to
say that caller public colleges and
universities should be tuition-free not
utopia it is not utopia to say that the
veterans the men and women who put their
lives on the line to defend this should
get their health care and the benefits
that they are not utopia
utopian to say that every person in this
country no matter their race their
religion their disability their sexual
orientation should be able to realize
the full promise of equality that