for you and our team Barack Obama will
be present the united states and the
other half is to fill that position
where they good strong principled
conservative from one that we know here
and to Alabama who care after use nine
year olds from here but throughout the
United States of America and the world
now we've got somebody who stars as in
washington who shows those principles
and shows his courage everyday for
somebody like me
Congress to be able to look up to him to
get his advice on important issues like
immigration is a tremendous get it to
give to all of us to have this man not
just representing Alabama but being the
stalwart that he is United States Senate
is my great pleasure in my great
privilege to represent you in the house
of representatives I got to ride in the
car from the airport was senator crews
at Saratoga me tell you about the people
down here we go to church every Sunday
we try every day we don't say happy
holidays we say Merry Christmas
miss the Veterans Memorial Day when
somebody's is among those who served our
country we thank them because we are
Americans and one of the greatest
Americans I have ever known someone
who's done so much to serve our state
and our country is some and I'm here and
I'm honored to introduce your United
States Senator the Honorable jeff
Sessions
it is given some building and had me on
his radio so show and he said and you
must be very proud to represent such a
people and I do have great honor and
proud proud to represent you
particularly pleased to welcome to our
area this a cruise he is a friend and an
ally will work together I'm so proud he
saw came on a fabulous day like this
gosh we know has to be a god in heaven
live in a town in the community is
pretty is this this time of the year
let me just say a couple of times we
ended its last session dismal and
additional congressional session I
appreciate Bradley Brad he's such a
talented hardworking smart knowledgeable
congressman and he stood firm against
this bill as last time
that we've been together on a lot of
important issues one of the things that
you've been hearing about somehow is a
criticism of Ted and how he and what he
did with regard to this massive
immigration bill if they tried to ram
through in 2013 let me tell you I was
there every step of the way with all my
stuff I bought this legislation all the
way through really don't they know now
they not to let me just tell you a few
things it just call people need to
remember this because this election is
going to the size of the crowd pushed
that bale of hay in the white house and
will they be able to continue their
agenda I was somebody else be there it
was saying no this is what happened
after the 2007 battle you remember
people started sending bridge to
Congress and 2007 to build a wall that
fall into rang and rang and rang and I
got sixty votes in the Senate on the
first preliminary vote and the second
vote this shutdown millions of Americans
will call and we had a final vote had a
final vote only 46 voted for the people
spoke and the congress finally although
was dicey for a while
responded here in 2013 same group again
they spend a billion and a half dollars
to promote this legislation they had
political consultants pollsters hired
and polling to try to spin the numbers
in any way possible to advance this
agenda they had special interest groups
they met for months that gang of eight
and they were determined they were gonna
move this bill the past and it wasn't me
wrong thing he was it worth still
everybody would acknowledge I think that
fire about it in the 2007 bill gave
amnesty
over a period of years even decades
enforcement that if history follows a
buyout would never have occurred we
voted more than once to build a fence do
we have a fence
so I just cause you promise and so you
gonna do something in washington you you
know that's not so and so it came before
the senate and the gang of eight met
every day they also been meeting with
the special interest groups that
activist groups the lower rod the
group's the ACLU were active part of
that and the business groups who want to
lower morning or cheat life is not a
healthy thing I gotta tell you know I
was really worried about it and we had a
big battle and I as they met they had us
teen now playing and the plan was that
they would go down every amendment no
matter what the amendment why they want
to do that because they said they had
she through these secret meetings I
delicate balance between enforcement may
have the perfect bill and they could
alter it in any way and every amendment
that came up in the Senate Judiciary
Committee was voted down five eighths by
partisan every democrat in a number of
republicans voting with so I gotta tell
you as it can stuff that the toughest
most exciting and Shane's out things
that occurred was Ted Cruz and Chuck
Schumer citizenship for the future I'll
never ever seen Schumer who is very
talented actually be flummoxed
almost got to the point of the keys and
Taylor being anti Hispanic kid you not
but they would clear that was at central
determining essence one of the things I
wanted was
citizenship for people who came here
legally now look makes no sense
you cannot provide the somebody who
entered the country if you every bit of
it illegally every benefit you give to
somebody comes legally shirley's
citizenship the capstone of what america
gives out not to be given to people who
entered the country in violation about
very laws
and they got a big voting comedian a
pretty big boat and the floor of the
senate but by then by then like I said
you know you leave them at role in the
sunshine long and it begins to stink and
by the time it got to the house it was
big in the same significantly in the
house locked in and stopped it it was
that close to being passed and I would
say this I think I can say this with
integrity and and and good judgment I
believe without the vigorous opposition
of Ted Cruz this bill likely would've
passed so we need to thank him for that
they've got money interest groups power
media support this agenda and the next
president who gets elected is going to
determine what kind of immigration
system we have and we want a lawful
system that's all the american people
asking for a lawful system of
immigration that is serves their
interests American people I'm not
against immigrants they don't hate
immigrants later they don't believe we
should have no immigration in america
but they were all lawful system of smart
system that people apply and they wait
their turn and they get in and some
don't get in and I'll national security
is protected and I jobs and wages are
protected
me state King and Michael A
and others who oppose his bill and only
by to get differently it was critical to
the success that we've had we've been
together a lot of other issues and stood
firmly on a number of critical battles
the kind of wasteful spending that we're
being seen as a champion on that so
without further ado here is my great
honor to welcome to our beautiful area
the state a great national leader Ted
Cruz
good friend jeff Sessions thank you for
the very very kind introduction and I
want to say to the men and women of
Alabama principled conservative patriot
who
where all the money all the power in
washington was arraigned on one side and
a handful of conservatives were standing
with the working men and women of this
country on the other side and I'll tell
you when you're standing with the people
of Alabama we all spent a good chunk of
the week washingtonDC so it
we have talented candidates for
president

bless the great state of Iowa
let me first of all say to God be the
glory
tonight is a victory for the grass roots
tonight is a victory for courageous
conservatives across iowa and all across
this great nation tonight the state of
Iowa has spoken
Iowa has sent notice that the republican
nominee and the next president of the
United States will not be chosen by the
media
will not be chosen by the washington
establishment will not be chosen by the
lobbyists but will be chosen by but the
most incredible powerful force we're all
sovereignty resides in our nation by we
the people the american people thanks to
the incredible hard work of everyone
gathered here courageous conservatives
across this state we together earn the
votes of forty eight thousand six
hundred and eight iowans
to put into perspective you're
incredible victory that you have one
denied that is the most votes ever cast
for any Republican primary winner
tonight is a victory for millions of
Americans who have shouldered the burden
of seven years of Washington deals run
amok tonight is a victory for every
American who's watched in dismay as
career politicians in Washington in both
parties refused to listen in too often
fail to keep their commitments to the
people tonight is a victory for every
American who understands that after we
survived eight long years of the Obama
presidency that no one personality can
right the wrongs done by Washington the
millions who understand that it is a
commitment to the constitution to our
shared insistence that we rise and
return to a higher standard
the very standard that gave birth to the
greatest nation that the world has ever
known
revolutionary understanding that all men
and all women are created equal there
are rights do not come from the
democratic party or the republican party
or even from the Tea Party our rights
come from our creator
and the federal government's role the
federal government's responsibility is
to defend those fundamental rights to
defend us and while americans will
continue to suffer under a president who
is set an agenda that is causing
millions heard across this country I
want to remind you of the promise of
Scripture weeping may endure for a night
but joy cometh in the morning
night Iowa has proclaimed to the world
morning is coming morning is coming on
campaign has been a movement from
millions of Americans across this
country to organize to rally to come
together whatever washington says they
cannot keep the people down and tonight
is a testament to the people's
commitments to their yearnings to get
back to our core commitments free-market
principles constitutional liberties and
the judeo-christian values that built
this great nation when the washington
lobbyists settled on other candidates in
this race when the media in one voice
said a conservative cannot win
nationwide over 800,000 contributions
poured in to Ted Cruz dot org as
courageous conservatives said yes we can
800,000 contributions that Ted Cruz dot
org
with an average contribution of $67 that
is the power of the grass roots
but it's more than that its 12,000
volunteers here in the state of Iowa
it's over 200,000 volunteers all across
this great nation in the course of this
campaign people have asked idea me
and I will admit it is 16 18 hours a day
six seven days a week we are not tired
at all
to the contrary we are inspired by each
and every one of you to bed every
morning amazed at a time when our
country is in crisis every one of us has
the opportunity to stand and lead that
we have been put in a place of
leadership for such a time as this I'm
inspired stories of heroism that I see
everyday working men like Jerry dunleavy
from columbus ohio who requested an
entire month off his job to come to Iowa
to live at Camp crews and a volunteer
full-time
when his employer refused to give him
the time off Jerry quit his job and came
anyway and I love the great state of
Iowa
and inspired by people like elliott
gazer and Josh hammer students at the
University of Chicago who spent their
winter break at Camp cruise but they
didn't stop there they came back this
weekend they hit the phones and they hit
the pavement campaigning so that
students across this country upon
graduation rather than having mountains
of debt will instead have 2345
high-paying job offers and a chance at
the american dream I'm inspired by
people like alexander Ziegler a thirteen
year old girl from Lubbock Texas who
yesterday and our campaign headquarters
made eight hundred and twenty-three
volunteer calls that has always been the
strength of this campaign are the men
and women gathered here and courageous
conservative standing up and speaking
out and lifting us up in prayer lifting
this country up in prayer
each and every day and let me say our
leadership team are Iowa State chairman
Matt Schultz what an extraordinary job
you have done organizing a grassroots
army and let me say they are Iowa State
Director Brian English what an amazing
job brian is done and to our national
co-chairman Bob Vander Plaats and steve
King these men have become deer and
trusted friends they are war years they
are men of principle they stand and
speak the truth they stand to defend
their values and let me tell you these
leaders day after day week after week
have been crawling under broken glass
with knives between their team I'm
grateful for their support the early
support of my friend Steve days
we're grateful for the over one hundred
and fifty pastors across the state of
Iowa who joined our team to energize
people of faith we are grateful to the
state senators to the state
representatives to the volunteer leaders
in each of the 99 counties who stood up
and said we will be heard and this will
be decided by the grass roots and then I
am so grateful to national leaders
people like dr. James Dobson and tony
Perkins
and Phil Roberts
and Governor Rick Perry
and Glenn Beck
leaders bringing together on coalescing
conservatives here in iowa and all
across the country
you wanna know what scares the
Washington cartel actually not remotely
I don't scare them in that tiny ass bit
what scares them is you
what scares them is that the old reagan
coalition is coming back together
up conservatives we're seeing
conservatives and evangelicals and
libertarians and reagan democrats all
coming together as one and that
terrifies washingtonDC and so do the
people of Iowa hiring and I say thank
you for your incredible hospitality
thank you for your love
thank you for welcoming us into your
homes into your living rooms
thank you for welcoming my father to
preach from the pulpit of your churches
and let me say parents mom the
incredible unconditional love you have
given me every day of my life the
knowledge that whatever I might do
whatever I might say that my mother
loves me
my cousin bibi is like a sister to me we
grew up together i love u feeds
and to my dad
a man who came from cuba at age 18 with
nothing with $100 in his underwear he
doesn't carry money in his underwear
anymore
a man who was in prison who was tortured
to wash dishes making fifty cents an
hour
who has lived the American dream and a
man who is today a pastor traveling the
country preaching the gospel
my dad is seventy six years old and yet
he's got the energy of a teenager and
dad you have been my hero my whole life
I love you
sunrises tomorrow
campaign will take the next step
we will continue to campaign the same
way
sitting down person-to-person leader to
leader VFW hall to Dunkin Donuts
returning to the great state of New
Hampshire
speak for a minute to the men and women
of the state of New Hampshire thirty-six
years ago you welcome to the Granite
State a candidate running for president
who was also deeply disliked by the
washington establishment and the
Washington cartel a candidate who had
been dismissed outright by the media
some polls had him fifteen to twenty
points behind but you refused to let the
establishment in the cartel and the
media to your thinking for you you
refuse to let them tell you how to vote
you wanted a candidate who didn't adopt
his positions because of the latest
opinion polls but instead because of a
deep an underlying conservative
philosophy that grounded him so that he
knew exactly what he believed exactly
what the principles were that built this
great nation
so tonight I want to say to the people
of new hampshire thank you for what you
did
thirty-six years ago thank you for
giving america and the world and yes
history itself
our 40th President of the United States
ronald wilson reagan and I ask the
people of New Hampshire and the people
of South Carolina and the people of
Nevada and the people of the Super
Tuesday States on March 1st to each of
you do not listen to our words do not
listen to the rhetoric from campaigns
but rather hold each and every one of us
accountable hold me accountable and hold
every other candidate accountable to be
a consistent conservative
if you want a candidate to repeal
Obamacare then support a candidate who
has led the fight to repeal Obamacare if
you want a president to stop amnesty to
secure the borders and keep us safe then
support a candidate who has led the
fight to stop and misty to secure the
borders and to keep us safe if you wanna
candidate to support life and marriage
and religious liberty then support a
candidate who has spent decades of his
life fighting to defend life and
marriage and religious liberty
if you want a candidate to defend the
Second Amendment right to keep and bear
arms
then asked of every candidate where were
you in the spring of 2013 when Barack
Obama and Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer
tried to undermine the Second Amendment
right to keep and bear arms if you want
a candidate who will stand
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel
then support a candidate who has led the
fight over and over again to stand by
our friend and ally the nation of Israel
and if you wanna commander-in-chief who
will fulfill the most solemn obligation
of the president to keep this nation
safe and support a candidate who is
demonstrated the commitment the judgment
the experience the clarity of vision to
identify our enemy to call it by its
name
radical Islamic terrorism
and too early and completely defeat Isis
if I am elected president every militant
on the face of the planet will know if
you go and join Isis if you wage jihad
on the United States of America if you
attempt to murder innocent Americans you
are signing your death warrants
and I'll tell you there's other states
across the country follow the lead of
the good men and women and support this
campaign and this July and cleveland you
will hear these words spoken from the
podium of the unified Republican
convention tonight I want to say to
every member of the democratic party who
believes in limited government in
personal opportunity in the United
States Constitution and a safe and
secure America
to the reagan democrats your party has
left you and the republican party one
shoe we welcome you back because
together this year republicans in the
reagan democrats can send an
unmistakable message the message of a
reagan like landslides that once and for
all will drive the liberal elites and
the Washington cartel into the potomac
and out to sea never to be seen again
together we can bring out a new era of
economic growth the military strength of
international security and the future of
hope that our children deserve if we
commit to do more than hug if we aspire
to govern by a higher standard as
standard that trip transcends political
party and race and gender and income and
to everyone that is tired of a president
that divides us daily on racial lines on
ethnic lines on religious lines on
gender lines on socio-economic lines we
will have a president that once again
seeks to bring us together and unite us
on our shared values of who we are as
america
the most solemn responsibility of the
president is to keep this country safe
and we will stop but weakness and
appeasement we will stop making excuses
for global bullies and terrorists and
rather simply do what it takes to defeat
them I give you my solemn promise we
will finally finally finally secure the
borders and end sanctuary cities and I
want to speak for a moment to the
soldiers and sailors and airmen and
Marines I want to speak to the moms and
dads who have a child serving overseas I
want to speak to the husbands and wives
who wake up at night wondering if their
loved one is still alive I want to speak
to the little kids who have been waiting
months upon months to get a hug from
Daddy a kiss from mommy to all of our
fighting men and women who have been
sent into combat with their arms tied
behind their back with rules of
engagement that are wrong that are
immoral that will end in January 2017
you will have a commander-in-chief who
finally has your back and to the police
officers and the fireman and the first
responders the heroes who rushed into
burning buildings instead of out of
burning buildings the last seven years
of having a president having an attorney
general that demonizes you that vilified
you that sides with the criminals and
looters instead of the brave men and
women of law enforcement that will end
on January 20th 2017 so tonight the
state of Iowa the democrats here seem to
be in a virtual tie between one
candidate who admits he's a socialist
and the other candidate who pretends
she's not I wish them both luck
but I will tell you this is margaret
thatcher observe the problem with
socialism is eventually you run out of
other people's money and let me tell you
tonight I cannot wait to stand on that
debate stage with hillary clinton we
will win by speaking the truth with a
smile
the truth there's the american people
are fed up with washington with a
corrupt class that enriches itself and
leaves behind the working men and women
of this country that growth is the
american people are fed up with a
federal government that views the bill
of rights and the constitution as a
rough draft as an inconvenience and
something to be set aside and we are
ready to get back to the vision of the
framers protecting the unalienable
rights given to each of us by our
Creator the reason I love you are here
is the same reason I am here the same
reason Heidi and I spent every waking
moment for the last year our girls
Carolina and Catherine at age seven and
age 5 every one of us here when we go to
bed at night we think what kind of world
are we leaving our kids are we giving
our children a brighter future are we
giving our children what our parents
gave us a country with greater freedom
greater opportunity more promised more
hope you wanna know why I'm got getting
on a plane in about an hour and flying
all night to New Hampshire to knock on
doors and sit down and visit with people
and ask for their support the reason is
simple because when I look my girls in
the eyes ten twenty years from now I am
NOT gonna tell him we could have stood
up and save this country but we didn't
do everything we could instead I'm gonna
tell them millions of Americans saw that
America was in jeopardy and we rose up
together and said
we are going to preserve this nation for
our children and grandchildren
those who supported other candidates in
this race the republican party is so
blessed to have a bounty of talented
young dynamic candidates people who are
friends people who I like and respect to
those who supported other candidates I
will tell you each of them we welcome
you as part of our team because if we
stand together as one if the american
people stand together and say we want
our country back there is no horse in
washington that can stand against the
American people that can stand against
the grass roots that can stand against
our unity we're gonna do this together
as a movement from the people and I tell
you tonight iowa has made clear to
America and the world
morning is coming morning is coming
thank you and god bless you

it is really good to be home
thrilled to be back at Prestonwood was
somebody dear friends thank you for
coming out today thank you for welcoming
us all here thank you for this
tremendous gathering you know this
morning at the pulpit Dr Grand may have
gone back to the original Greek
if you look to the anomalies you have
the word politics there two parts
Holly meaning many and text me blood
sucking parasites
and that is a fairly accurate
description of washington D C
but you know I'll tell you we all came
out here this afternoon because I think
we recognize that our countries in
crisis I don't believe this is a typical
time in politics a difficult time in our
country we are bankrupting our kids and
grandkids are constitutional rights are
under assault each and every day
has receded from leadership in the world
and it's making the world a much more
dangerous place and yeah I'm here this
afternoon with a whole world of hope and
encouragement exhortation let me tell
you people are waking up we are seeing
an awakening we are seeing a spirit of
revival process
many things this taxes we can talk about
the day we could talk about bringing
back jobs and growth and opportunity we
could talk about abolishing the IRS
the likud talk about repealing Obamacare
we could talk about standing unshakable
with our friend and ally the nation of
Israel
but i wanna talk to something close to
home I want to talk about this press
release Liberty we're seeing in this
country religious liberty is under
threat today like it never has been
before in this nation you know I've been
blessed to spend much of my adult life
fighting to defend religious liberty
together we defended the Ten
Commandments monument on the state
capitol grounds we went to the USS
Supreme Court and we 154
one nation under God has filed a lawsuit
seeking to strike down the pledge we
went to the UE Supreme Court and we won
in representing over three million
veterans pro bono for free
defending the Mojave Desert better is
more
a lone white Latin cross was erected
over 70 years ago to honor the men and
women who gave their lives in ww1 the
ACLU filed a lawsuit seeking to tear it
down the federal district court ordered
that veterans memorial turned on the
grounds it went out on appeal the
Federal Court of Appeals said you have
to take the Veterans Memorial down they
actually ordered that the cross be
covered with a giant sack with a chain
and padlock at the bottom well I'll say
this the court was were right in one
regard the image of the Cross has power
and we won
accelerated yeah well over a month ago I
was proud to host a religious liberty
rally in Iowa
over 2,500 people come out in defense of
religious where he was a single largest
political event in Iowa this year you
know the media diminished threat to
religious liberty to say it's not real
they say is made it made up don't worry
about it we brought in nine heroes to
simply tell their stories to tell their
stories directly from the stage show
typically a political event the
candidates front-and-center I'm very
deliberately wanted to recede and a half
each of those nine heroes tell their
stories as a raisin Jesus spoken parents
what moves hard to tell what connects
with who we are as people there were
people like dick in very own garden
couple of gotta know very well dick and
bedding live in Grimes Iowa they are not
historical Lutheran Church they started
a business hosting legs and wonderful
weddings and they did the catering they
did the flowers and then a couple of
years ago two men came in and they
wanted to get married in the old guard
church now the old guards are devout men
in tights so they very polite flea a
very respectfully said we cannot
celebrate and host your wedding it is
contrary to our faith the next day
pursuit they spent 18 months in
litigation they pay over $5,000 to
settle the suit they promise never again
to host another wedding in August he
went bankrupt they laid off all their
employees this month they're auctioning
off all of the property in the church
I'm not a person who talked to the rally
with Kelton Cochran and african-american
grew up in an inner-city a difficult
home his whole life he wanted to be a
fire and he achieved his dream he became
a fire he rose to become the chief of
the fire department in Atlanta he then
went to Washington President Obama
pointed to a national fire board he
moved to washington served in the Obama
administration and he came back to a
land and resumed his role as chief of
the fire department there was also a
Sunday school teacher and teaching
Sunday school again changing of the book
of Genesis and it particularly started
focusing on the passage where God asked
Adam and Eve who told you you were naked
and it began thinking about what the
word naked means not simply without
clothes but without the covering of
God's love God's redemption and he
contrasted it all the places in the
scripture where it talks about being
closed righteousness close in jesus'
redeeming blood and end up writing a
book based on his Sunday School
teachings called who told you you were
naked and in that book about a page and
a half of that book discusses human
sexuality and what scripture says about
that cochran was fired from his job for
writing that book in his private time as
a Sunday school teacher for writing a
book about what the Bible teaches he was
told you cannot be the fire chief of the
city of Atlanta I gotta tell you the
entire event was three hours 2,500
people nobody left it was I would
encourage we have the whole thing online
at 10 crews dot org I would encourage
you to watch it will lift your spirits
to hear these stories these are ordinary
keep a fireman
Floresta baker a t-shirt maker ordinary
people whose phase will face was tested
pushed up and stood with God I believe
2016 is going to be a religious liberty
election
at the Supreme Court gay marriage oral
argument last year
Justice Alito asked the Obama Justice
Department is your position prevails
will the next step be four the Obama IRS
to go after Christian universities that
follow a biblical teaching on marriage
and by extension Christian grade schools
like the school here
Preston or charities the answers from
the Obama Justice Department is yes that
is a very real possibility the IRS
targeting those who follow a biblical
teaching on marriage that is wrong it is
not who we are but let me give you a
word of encouragement as these threats
Road darker and darker and darker they
are waking people up here in Texas and
all across this country I believe 2016
will be an election like 1980
my goodness you know how to fire people
up
you could be a preacher or something
close
well Dr Grand you can understand it's
even worse I'm happy to know that well
my goodness you and i sat down with your
beautiful wife Heidi back in June and a
lot has happened in the last five months
and you you talked about your vision and
your dream and put in your heart and
we're already seeing so much of that
happen and the Lord seems to be elevated
you and giving you favor with people and
you're certainly here in Texas your back
home and we're really glad that you are
ok thank on the religious freedom issue
one of our concerns obviously is
judicial activist I know this is
something that you've talked about
you're concerned about is well judges
who seem to be making all rather than
interpreting laws how do you view this
and and how can we if you are present
what kind of judges which you appoint
particular Supreme Court justices we
know elections matter is we talked about
earlier this is one of the ways that
matter but do we have a problem with
judicial activism in this country is an
enormous problem and it is growing
if you look at in June the course of 24
hours we had two decisions that we're
both early loss this a prank or a
handful of unelected judges rewrote the
text of Obamacare ignore the federal
statute to force that failed lawn
millions of Americans twenty-four hours
later five unelected judges reported to
tear down the marriage laws of all fifty
says both of those decisions were
lawless they were judicial activism
there's not a word in the constitution
that supports them
really separates a number of the
candidates running on the republican
side in 2016 several of the republican
candidates when the marriage decision
came out put out statements that
effectively says it's the law of the
land we need to accept it
surrender and move on those are
word-for-word the talking points
President Obama I can tell you I for one
do not accept it or not willing to
surrender and I'm not willing to give up
judicial appointments if you look at the
core almost every democratic appointee
on every big picture case they issued
case votes a hundred percent the way the
liberals want republicans we've had
about 500 many of the most egregious
judicial activist Earl Warren William
Brennan John Paul Stevens David Souter
harry blackmun authored roe versus wade
every one of those were republican
appointees and the problem we run into
the same problem over the last day I
talked about two moments in time
number one in 1991 George Herbert Walker
Bush had in one room
data to other roomies Jones the
rock-ribbed conservative on 5th Circuit
Court of Appeals and Bush 41 went with
sister and then in 2005 George W Bush's
similar choice said John Robertson one
room and had my former boss Mike looting
the rock-ribbed conservative on the
floor Circuit Court of Appeals in the
other room and George W Bush went with
Robert now in both instances it wasn't
it the president bush's wanted to put a
liberal on the court and one that but we
need is Jones and Mike looting they have
spent over a decade each on the court
being a principled jurist following the
constitution if you nominated them you
would have a fight if you nominated and
Democrats would go nuts because they'd
understand might looting was Antonin
Scalia is first law clerks they know
exactly what they're gonna get and with
David Souter and John Roberts the
advantage was they have said very little
they had no paper trail in every single
time we've gone with a judicial nominee
who doesn't have a paper trail is turned
into another disaster so in the
republican field
in the republican candidates will sit
down with you and tell you I will
appoint strict constructionist who will
follow the constitution and not
legislate from the bench those of the
talking points every candidate says the
difference is who's willing to actually
spend the camp and fight to do what they
say I have spent my entire adult life
fighting judicial activism there are few
if any choices
things that so many people are upset
about is sending people in washington
who don't get things done who say one
thing and doing nothing and one of the
things that we have appreciate about you
is your willingness to go and stand on
your principles and even when you're
criticized her uncompromising
so when people talk about being an
outsider and at the same time you were a
senator and a very good one how do you
how does that work for you
you you've been going up against
sometimes I'm sure your head against
iraq but how have you been able to
manage this is present how can you
change in this way
yes cecilia is a great question you know
I'm very encouraged by what we see if
you look at that the republican
presidential primary I think one of the
most tremendously helpful thanks to my
campaign has been Donald Trump's candice
for one thing it certainly made it
interests
Donald has really frame the central
issue in this primary as who will stand
up to Washington now fast the central
issue the natural next question is OK
who actually has stood up to washington
I can't think of a better question to
decide this race because in that regard
my record is markedly different from
that of anyone else on that
couple of examples in 2013 when when
millions of Americans rose up against
the disaster that is Obamacare I was
proud to lead that fight you look to the
other 10 Republican standing on that
stage and then the question naturally
arises when you look to 2014 when
millions of Americans rose up against
President Obama's he legal executive
annis once again I was proud to lead
that fight and once again you look to
the other very fine men and women on
this occasion you ask where were they
and and hear it you don't have to go
back to 2013 or 2014
go back to a couple weeks ago Dr Grand
you remember that debate in California
just about every Republican look to the
TV camera and say we should defund
Planned Parenthood policy say that just
two weeks ago we had a knock-down
drag-out fight in Washington millions of
Americans rose up again against Planned
Parenthood pastors all over the country
lit up the phones I was proud to lead
the fight against Planned Parenthood you
look at the other folks
to everyone who spoke so passionately
the debate my national question is where
were they can you imagine how different
it eleven republican presidential
candidates descended on washington and
spoke in unison and said Mitch McConnell
and John Boehner don't send five hundred
million dollars of taxpayer money
that courage ok in the last presidential
election many evangelical Christians did
not vote yes I've heard all kinds of
numbers may be up to a million for
whatever reason sat out not inspire
maybe a little bit of washington that he
call it political fatigue whatever I do
says people are fired up now
yes and that we're ready to do a lot
better and while someone suggests that
evangelical Christians are splintering
and that we're really not that committed
and so on
what what do you say about that and do
you believe Christians members of
churches should engage in the political
process
talk to us a little bit about
citizenship and our responsibility as
you view it to to get to the polls to
get involved in the process
well I think it is absolutely vital I
think the entire election turns on that
question you know many of the folks here
now my father has to Rafael course
for those who did you know that I am the
shy soft-spoken one in the family as you
know my father has has a real calling
two other passengers and and several
years ago God really put a burden on his
heart that no one bears greater
responsibility for where this country is
today than the pastors and it's a hard
message was not an easy message to hear
to deliver but he travels in space of
pastors conference is all over the
country and then the message my dad says
he says you know if the flock stumbles
into a ditch you don't blame the sheep
died in the shop and they're too many
masters unfortunate as my father says
who hide behind the pulpit you don't do
what you're doing now we're just sending
off an encouraging the body of Christ we
have a responsibility
show there about ninety million
evangelicals and evangelical Christians
in America in the 2012 election
fifty-four million evangelical students
out of the evangelical Christians
believers are staying home if we're
allowing our leaders to be elected by
non-believers is it any wonder we have a
federal government is assaulting life
and marriage
volatile over cause how's that working
out and how do you propose to fix it
let me start it is a disaster
it is a train track and we should repeal
everywhere
that washington doesn't want to do that
you know I wrote a couple of months
about all the time for truth where where
I talked about why the Washington cartel
career politicians in both parties to
get in bed with lobbyists and special
interests and grow and grow
pro-government washington does not want
to repeal Obamacare the only way to do
it is to make this election a referendum
on repealing Obamacare
do you think of the 1980 election I
often invoked the 1980 election I think
we are reliving history in powerful ways
can you imagine ronald reagan if he had
come in to this church in 1979 and he
has said dr. Graham we're gonna cut the
top marginal tax rate from seventy
percent to 28 percent we're gonna go
from stagnant economic growth to booming
growth millions lifted into prosperity
are hostages will be released from
around the day I'm sworn into office and
we need 10 years will win the cold war
and share the berlin wall of the graft
way with all dismissed him as a not
changed because under reasonable
assessment Washington was that possible
what reagan did in nineteen eighty is he
made it a referendum the reagan
revolution change the incentives in
Washington Twp that tax rate from 70 to
28% he did it with tip o'neill a
democrat as speaker of the house
and the reason is simple there's an old
joke that politics is hollywood for
other people
resemble that remark
but the way you get things done the way
you repeal Obamacare and pass
commonsense health care reform as you
change the incentives so that you come
out of November 2016 with a mandate from
the people that's what causes
Republicans and Democrats to say I am
standing in the way of that and that's
how we turn around
my regular person
there you go again
you know ronald reagan came to this city
I guess who was 1979 and he said to a
group of evangelicals James Robison was
there a part of gathering a group he
said look I know you can endorse me but
I can endorse you and we're so thankful
for your endorsement of values that you
hold yourself and the values that we
share so one final question is how does
your your personal faith strength in
your life where you get discouraged and
this fire this passion that you have
welcomed in my faith is is an integral
part of who I am you know often on the
trail I'll share my testimony and you
know for me my testimony begins actually
when I was a very young child with my
parents for those of you all that and
then no my dad now you didn't know him
when he was young man what I was two and
three years old my parents neither one
of them Christians they were living up
in countering and both of them drank too
much and when I was three my dad left us
a decided he didn't want to be married
anymore in one of his father to a
three-year-old son and I got on a plane
and flew down to Houston and he was
there a couple of months and a colleague
from the oil and gas business invited my
dad to a Bible study and it was at the
home of a local life insurance agent for
whatever reason my father went and he
described being struck by the piece he
saw that I will stay remember there was
one woman who talked about her son would
beat her to get money for drugs and yes
she had with scripture calls the peace
that passes I understand and my father
couldn't understand it it didn't make
sense Germany nearly didn't have any
really want and that night at the end of
the Bible study they said well what are
coming tomorrow night
a lot of questions why don't you come
tomorrow night you can talk with our
pastor came back the next night case
they three four five hours till late in
the night arguing my father was
convinced he was an atheist he was
convinced he knew this got stuff was all
gooey and he could disprove any went
through question after question after
question and at the end of the night he
said alright who's never heard of Jesus
and the pastor very wisely didn't take
the bait and he said I don't know about
them and to that but you've heard Jesus
what's your excuse
and and he fell to his knees he gave his
life to Jesus he went got in the car
drove to the airport by plane ticket and
flew back to Calgary today with my
mother and me so when people ask about
the role of faith I can tell you in my
life if it were not for the redemptive
love of Jesus Christ I I would have been
raised by single mom without my dad now
and I'll tell you just a raid and
incredible at Palazzo I i think an
impression when I was agent that same
church clay Road Baptist Church gallon
while it was the pastor let my dad to
the lord baptized me and a couple of
months ago on the campaign trail I was
intense see it so happened that kaelin
while he has retired Tennessee and he
came out to the rally and and I had not
seen him in in 35 years I was 10 years
old when I last saw it was a powerful I
i felt up to have the opportunity
opportunity just brother while and say
thank you if you had to share the gospel
with my dad my entire life and my
family's life would have been different
we know the rest of the story of how
your character has been formed how can
we pray for you and your family going
forward you know I'd say three things
peace and wisdom but then also
especially if you and pray for our girls
you know our girls here somewhere there
were here
Carolina
so they're seven and four they are the
joys of our life but I will tell you the
hardest part of this campaign is being
on the road being you know this this
week I've been in Dec Iowa Houston
California New Hampshire here and headed
to Austin San Antonio and back to Dec so
the girls drove up to be with us for a
couple of hours and two girls are 74 it
is hard on them and so that I will begin
prayers that they know they are loved
all of our heart and love by God as well
how'd you like the idea

tax reform and regulatory reform every
time we take the boot of government off
the back at the next of small businesses
the result is incredible economic growth
small businesses is where job growth
comes from two-thirds of all new jobs
come from small businesses you wanna
destroy jobs and opportunity do what
we've done the last seven years hammer
small businesses each and every day and
the people who are struggling struggling
on the flip side you want to unleash
incredible booming economic growth tax
reform and regulatory reform of the two
levers over and over again that work but
in the nineteen twenties under calvin
coolidge happened in the nineteen
sixties under JFK happened in the
nineteen eighties under ronald reagan
regulatory reform pulling the burden of
Washington office small business and the
most important regulatory reform is we
need to repeal every word of Obamacare
president we will repeal Obamacare and
we will pass commonsense health care
reform that makes health insurance
personal and portable and affordable and
keep the government from getting in
between us and our got his tax reform
the simplest and best tax reform is
waiting to pass a simple flat tax where
every American can fill out his or her
taxes on a postcard will wait do that we
should abolish the IRS
the second key to reignite the promise
of america is defending our
constitutional rights for seven years
we've had a president administration
that targets the constitutional rights
of the american people that violates our
rights let me say here and now the
Constitution and Bill of Rights are not
a rough draft they are not suggestions
they are not an inconvenience to be
ignored as sadly this president has been
of them rather is the president's
responsibility to take care that the
laws be faithfully execute when a
president and a federal government that
defends the Bill of Rights all of them
to defend the First Amendment free
speech and especially especially
especially religious liberty
you want to see just how far off the
rails we've gone you don't need to look
any further the Little Sisters of the
Poor Little Sisters of Charity of nuns
they've taken vows of poverty they spend
their lives caring for the poor elderly
right now the Obama administration is
litigating against the Little Sisters of
the Poor trying to impose millions of
dollars of fines on the sisters in order
to try to force the nuns to pay for
abortion-inducing drugs and others
yeah let me give you a very simple rule
of thumb if you're litigating against
you probably done so the wrong way this
works really well down the street pull
out the check list ok litigating against
nuns check do not do that we need to
defend the Second Amendment the right to
keep and bear arms
couple of weeks ago the of President
Obama announced yet more illegal
executive orders trying to undermine our
2nd Amendment right to keep and bear
arms
the very first thing I intend to do on
my first day in office his wrists and
every single illegal and
unconstitutional and also on that first
day and I intend to instruct the
Department of Justice and the IRS and
every other federal agency that the
persecution of religious liberty and
today we need to defend the fourth and
fifth amendment's our rights to privacy
how many of y'all hear your cell phones
let me ask you please leave your cell
phones on I wanna make sure President
Obama here as everywhere
calls it the one the fundamental
protection that says the powers not
given the federal government are
reserved to the states and to the people
that means they're certain
responsibilities the federal government
has given it needs to do the well
winning to defend this nation keep this
nation say rebuild our military lead to
secure the borders and and sanctuary
cities but there are a whole bunch of
other areas that the federal government
has no business sticking its nose and
chief among those is education and
waiting to repeal everyone on a
conference call
and then a 32 reigniting the promise of
america is winning to restore america's
leadership in the world for seven years
america's received from leadership in
the world and it has made the world a
much more dangerous place instead of a
president who boycotts prime minister
netanyahu imagine america standing
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel we will have a commander-in-chief
who says to the world we will defeat
radical islamic terrorists will have a
president willing to utter the words
and we will not weaken we will not
degrade we will utterly and completely
destroy you may be thinking can we do
this you know scripture tells us there's
nothing new under the Sun and where we
are today is very very much like the
late nineteen seventies like the Jimmy
Carter administration failed economic
policies same feckless and Chinese
foreign policy in fact the exact same
countries russia and around openly
laughing out of marking the president
United States now why is it that that
analogy gives me so much hope and
optimism because we remember how that
story and all across this country
millions of men and women rose up and
became the reagan revolution and it
didn't come from Washington Washington
despised groundbreaking began right here
in new hampshire with the men and women
live free or die state disregarding the
media disregarding the washington
establishment and standing together
behind ronald reagan and it changed the
course of history
the reason I'm so optimistic the same
thing is happening again people are
waking up it took Jenny car to get us
ronald reagan convinced the most long
lasting legacy of Barack Obama will be a
new generation of leaders in this
country and the republican party who
stand and fight for freedom who stand to
the constitution but if you dare
christian values that have made this
country great
and with that I'm happy to answer or
dodge the question you live
exactly what you feel is best prepared
to be you know everyone of us I suspect
it's frustrating because we keep getting
burned by politicians we keep having
politicians who talked of the game on
the trail but then they go to washington
and they don't do what they said they
would do they don't walk the walk
you know we were told in 2010 if only we
had a Republican House of
Representatives then things would be
different millions of US rose up we want
a republican house and nothing changed
we were told the problem was the senate
if only we had a republican senate if
only we were tired Harry Reid then
things would be different 2014 millions
of US rose up to do exactly that we want
a republican senate and very little we
can't get burned again the stakes are
too high in 2016 so how do we not get
burned again to suggest you the best
test applied to apply to listen to what
any of us don't listen to what I say
don't listen to any other candidate
since instead follow the biblical
teaching you shall know them by their
fruits of every candidate don't tell me
show me show me where you stood and
fought show me where you've walked the
walk so if you want a president who will
repeal Obamacare asked which candidate
has stood up and let the fight against
Obama if you want a president who'll
stop and who will secure the borders and
keep this country safe don't let the
door
campaign promises instead ask in 2013
when the democrats and the Republican
establishment we're pushing and that's
it and the steel plant whose student led
the fight with the american people to
defeat amnesty and a fight to secure the
boers if you want a president who will
defend the Bill of Rights will defend
the first of a man who will defend the
second amendment don't listen to our
promises listen everyone says they
support the second amendment Republican
primary including moderate and liberal
Republicans are used to favor gun
control even they say they will support
the second so don't listen to us instead
ask in the spring of 2013 when Barack
Obama and Harry Reid Chuck Schumer came
after the Second Amendment right to keep
and bear arms when they proposed
aggressive new gun control regulations
where were you just stand and fight it
you lead the fight to just stand with
the american people are you nowhere to
be found the reason why we had the
result we didn't get that completely
flabbergasted the media is the voters
are a lot smarter than the media gives
us credit and what we're seeing
happening is we're saying that old
reagan coalition coming together we're
seeing conservatives and evangelicals
and libertarians and reagan democrats
all coming together and the reason is
that we're looking for a consistent
conservative we're tired of being burned
and the reason that conservatives are
uniting behind our campaign is that I
have a proven record of standing and
fighting but the constitution for the
bill of rights for conservative
principles and the voters don't want to
listen to empty words they wanted Amanda
consistent conservative someone we can
trust
absolutely wonderful small business
owners have been happening in washington
washington is fundamentally corrupt the
reporters some regularity that they say
a lot of times cruise sounds like Bernie
Sanders in many ways I agree with
burning in diagnosing the problem the
problem I've said many times that they
justified we've got politically it's not
gonna crafts and republicans it's
between career politicians in Washington
in both parties and the american people
and what we see in washington is the
washington cartel is career politicians
getting in bed with the lobbyists and
special interests growing big business
growing the money to powerful influences
with with influence and power in the
administration and the people who are
losing the little guys the people who
are losing our the small business owners
the people who are losing the people who
are struggling to achieve the American
dream
now we're burning on differences
solution the solution to government
being fundamentally corrupt is to have a
whole lot more government does not
but I agree with the problem and so you
know you notice in this republican
primary that every candidate says
they'll stand up to Washington the
natural follow-up question to ask is OK
who who has stood up to washington when
did you take it on not just democrats
but leaders in your own party because
you know you do so you get pounded by
democrats you get pounded by republicans
get pounded by the media if you are now
who will take on washington then you
should ask the simple question who is
washington attacking right now and the
commitment that obvious to you is that I
don't work for the party bosses in
Washington I don't work for the obvious
I don't work for the washington
establishment I don't work right now for
twenty seven million Texans and if
elected president my job I'm here to job
interview I'm asking to work for you and
the commitment on get to you is that I
will fight every day for you or your
freedom for your right to run a small
business for your economic growth and
for keeping government the heck off your
back so the campus and have a better
view
absolutely yes yes ma'am
thank you very much for that question
and right before the race Sean Hannity
did as well and and and and Sean pointed
out he said he said he really had no
choice to endorse me because he said
every day for two weeks
mark called him and said she knows
what's wrong with you don't get the
concept would leave me alone
the question you know this supreme court
we have a red radical an activist
Supreme Court right now but is out of
control this supreme court is we are one
justice away from a five justice left
wing radical majority the likes of which
this country is never see details some
of the consequences of what they find
justice majority would be so therefore I
was in the center was the solicitor
general in Texas which is the chief
lawyer for the state in front of the USS
Supreme Court held that post for five
and a half years it's an executive post
and during that time we'd led fighting
for conservative principles nationwide
over and over and over again and won
over and over and over so for example we
defended the Ten Commandments monument
stands on the state capitol grounds been
there since 1961 we went to the supreme
court and we won 54 upholding that
monument we are one justice away from
the supreme court ordering the Ten
Commandments torn down in state capitals
and courthouses all over the world
saying you cannot acknowledge God in the
public square
when I was solicitor-general we led a
coalition of thirty-one states before
the USS supreme court defending the
Second Amendment right to keep and bear
arms and we 154 we are one justice away
from a decision let me take the position
of the dissenters in that decision it
was not that some gun control laws or
are permissible position of the
dissenters was much more radical than
that the dissenters four justices said
the Second Amendment does not protect
any individual right whatsoever it is
only what's called a quote collective
right of the militia which is fancy
lawyers are nonexistent right we are one
justice away from the Supreme Court
concluding that no individual in this
room has any right at all of the second
amendment that the federal government
could make it a criminal offense for any
of us to possess a firearm and we would
have no right under the Constitution a
challenge that law justice away from
them if hillary Clinton has elected
president the second amendment will be
erased from the constitution if we elect
a feckless republicans who is not
willing to put principled conservative
jurist on the core we could rest the
second amendment being erased and I
won't mention one other case the biggest
case of my 10 years Solicitor General
was a case called million versus Texas
many began with horrific crime in
Houston where two teenage girls were
horribly assaulted and murdered by gang
one of those gang members Jose Ernesto
that he was an illegal alien to come
from Mexico when he was three and the
case took a very strange turn because
the world court which is the judicial
arm of the united nations issued an
order to the United States to reopen the
convictions of 51 murders including that
we went to the UE Supreme Court and
thought the world court in the united
nations I argue this case twice in front
of the Supreme Court on the other side
we had ninety foreign nations we had two
world court where the united nations and
we had to present the United States and
I'm sorry to tell you the president was
not Barack Obama it was George W Bush in
2005 George W Bush signed a
two-paragraph order that reported to
order the state courts to evade the
world court now tell you I had an
interesting conversation my boss at the
time was Greg Abbott the attorney
general is now the governor of Texas we
sat down and had a conversation it was
an unusual position for Texas to the
arguing against the president the United
States before the Supreme Court
particularly when the president was a
Texan was a Republican was the former
governor of our state it was a friend I
am proud to tell you that I went before
the supreme court and argued that the
world court and united nations have no
jurisdiction whatsoever over the United
States of America
President of the United States
Republican or Democrat has the
constitutional authority to undermine
USC won before the Supreme Court the
Supreme Court struck down the world
court's order struck down the
president's order but we are one justice
away from the Supreme Court concluding
that our sovereignty can be given away
to the United Nations that's what the
stakes are and the sad reality is when
it comes to Supreme Court nominees
democrats
everyone votes left wing need almost
every single time Republicans by about
500 we've been a disaster there's a
reason for that there's actually it's
not that we're bad it's that the people
we elect don't care about so the
judgment they make is if you nominate a
principled conservative Democrats can
actually care about this is they will
fight tooth and nail so what happens is
republicans say let me find a stealth
can't let me find someone who has no
paper trail who's never said or done
anything to prove their conservative by
the way if you've lived fifty years of
your life and you never said or done
anything to prove your conservative
by some miracle you might be maybe the
Supreme Court of the United States is
not the best place to find out what
happens is president's decide that you
want to spend the political capital I
don't have a fight with congress on
conserving on on nominating someone who
has a proven record as a conservative
jurist so I'll take the easy route my
favorite just as I would say it's a
three-way tie between Antonin Scalia
Clarence Thomas at my former boss who I
clerk for chief justice william
rehnquist all of whom have been
principled conservative jurists and I'll
tell you one of the biggest and most
important differences I think between me
and the other people running is that I
have spent my entire adult life fighting
judicial activism fighting to defend the
Constitution fighting to defend the Bill
of Rights and unlike other candidates
running other Republicans who I think
won't be willing to spend the political
capital get this right I give you my
solemn word every justice that I put on
the court will be a principal
constitutionalist who will be faithful
to the law and who will not legislate
from the bench
enormous commitment of time and energy
and love and it is a great affirmation
every day of just how much your parents
love you that they will spend their time
raising you and teaching you and sharing
their values with you listen I have been
a passionate defender of homeschoolers
for decades I think it is a fundamental
right of every parent to educate your
child to teach your values your face the
state has no business getting in between
you and your child and one of the keys
to that is we should abolish the Federal
Department of Education money send it
back to the states and the reason is
education is too important it is the key
to opportunity it is the key to getting
to the American Dream and I think the
people of new hampshire know much better
what should be done with the children
who Hampshire then do some bureaucrats
in the bowels of the department of
education at the state level or even
better
question yes sir thank you for your
service to choose his or her doctor
bill the Navy and the Air Force in the
Army and Marines were gonna rebuild our
ship level airplanes level we're gonna
increase our readiness you know morale
right now is so unbelievably low and
it's because we've got a
commander-in-chief it doesn't believe in
our fighting men and women that doesn't
have their back that send them into
combat with rules of engagement where
both arms are tied behind their back I
think that is grotesque I think it is
immoral it when we have to use military
force we should use overwhelming power
kill the enemy and get the heck out of
here to every active duty military
member here to every mom or dad or
husband or wife or son or daughter of
someone who is serving always wondered
are they gonna come home I give you my
word in January 2017 we will have a
commander-in-chief who will stand by the
fighting men and women of this country
they're back
that the stakes have never been higher
than it's now or never that we are at
the edge of a cliff and if we keep going
this same direction and other for eight
more years we risk doing irreparable
damage to the greatest country in the
history of the world if you agree with
me on there then I asked you to do three
things number one join us commit right
now and come out on February 9 to vote
in the New Hampshire Republican primary
vote with us if we stand together we
will win number to bring others others
commit right now to pick up the phone
call your mom such a good idea to call
your mom anyway call your sister or your
son or your next door neighbor your say
this election matters matters for me it
matters for my future it matters for my
kids and grandkids I want to ask
everyone here to vote for me ten times
democrats not suggesting voter fraud but
if everyone here gets nine other people
to show up and vote in the primary you
love voted ten times you know what if
you're not old enough yet developed you
get people to show up and vote in the
primary
voted ten times before you turn 18
that's how we win we unite the old
reagan coalition we can together as one
and the third thing I wanna ask each of
you is that you pray that you commit
each and every day from that election
day to lift this country spent just a
minute today saying father got please
continue this awakening continue the
spirit of revival all this country back
from the abyss we are here today
standing on the promises of second
chronicles 7:14
my people which are called by my name
shall humble themselves and pray and
seek my face and turn from their wicked
ways then I will hear their prayers from
heaven and will forgive their sins and I
will heal their land
that our friends in the mainstream media
will never share with you in January
1981 when ronald reagan took the oath of
office is left hand was resting on 2nd
chronicles 7:14 the very real and
concrete manifestation of that promise
from the Word of God we have seen these
challenges before we have faced the
Episcopal and the american people came
together pulled this country back we had
done it before and if the people of new
hampshire stand together as one we can
do it again and we can bring that lacks
fast

mister president there's a reason
the american people are fed up with
washington there is a reason the
American people are frustrated the
frustration is not simply milder passing
ephemera it is volcanic over and over
again the American people go to the
ballot box over and over again the
American people rise up and say the
direction we're going doesn't make sense
we want change over and over again the
American people win elections in 2010 a
tidal wave election in 2014 a tidal wave
election and yet nothing changes in
washington mister president I'd like to
share with you and the american people
the real story of what is happening in
washington why is it that our leaders
cannot stop bankrupting this country
cannot stop the assault on our
constitutional rights cannot stop
america's retreat from leadership in the
world the very simple dynamic when you
have two sides allegedly in a political
battle one side that is relentlessly
unshakable e committed to its principles
and the other side that reflexively
surrenders at the outset the outcome is
for day I will give President Obama in
the Senate Democrats credit they believe
in principles of big government they
believe in this relentless assault on
our constitutional right and they are
willing to crawl over broken glass with
a night between their teeth to fight for
those those principles unfortunately
leadership on my side of the aisle does
not demonstrate the same commitment to
principle now how is it you might wonder
that a preemptive surrenders put in
place
well it all begins with a relatively
innocuous statement
there shall be no shutdown that is a
statement leadership in both houses
republican leadership in both houses
said we're not gonna shut the government
down and you know you can understand the
folks in the private sector folks at
home that sounds perfectly reasonable
except here's the reality in washington
and today's washington there are three
kinds of those there are number one show
bones boats that are brought up largely
to placate the voters where the outcome
is for our day when most republicans
will vote one way most democrats will
though the other Republicans will lose
and the conservatives who elected
Republican majorities in both houses are
supposed to be thrilled that they've
been patted on the head and given their
show vote that was destined to lose we
had a vote like that in recent weeks and
weeks on Planned Parenthood leadership
told us you should be thrilled we voted
on it what else do you want we voted on
in a context where it would never happen
and indeed it didn't the second kind of
vote our votes that simply grow
government that dramatically expand
spending expand corporate welfare and
those votes mister president those votes
pass because you get a bipartisan
coalition of republican leadership and
democrat both of whom are convinced that
career politicians will get re-elected
if they keep growing and growing
government in particular handing out
corporate welfare two giant corporations
oh boy if you've got the lobbyists and
pastry pushing for something you can get
60 70 80 votes in this chamber his
republican leadership loves it and
democrats are always willing to grow
government and then there's a third kind
of a vote on must-pass legislation in an
era
when one side the Democratic Party is
adamantly committed to continuing down
this path is causing so many millions of
Americans to her must pass votes are the
only votes that have real consequences
this chamber they typically fall into
one of three categories either
continuing resolution or an omnibus
appropriation bill or a debt ceiling
increase each of those three are deemed
must pass votes and if you actually want
to change law those are the only hopes
of doing so but I mentioned before
you've got one side that has
preemptively surrendered republican
leadership has said we will never ever
ever shut down the government and
suddenly President Obama understand the
easy key to winning every battle he
simply has to utter the word shut down
and Republican leadership runs to the
hills so President Obama demands of
Congress find every bit of Obamacare
100% of it and do nothing zero for the
millions of Americans who are hurting
millions of Americans have lost their
jobs lost their health care of lost
their doctors who've been forced into
part-time or millions of young people
who've seen their premiums skyrocket
President Obama says you can do nothing
for the people that are hurting Senate
Democrats say we don't care about the
people who are hurting will do nothing
for them and here's the kicker President
Obama promises if you try to do anything
on Obamacare i Barack Obama will veto
funding for the entire federal
government and shut it down and
Republican leadership compliant Lee says
okay fine we'll fund about President
Obama's an understanding he's got a
pretty good
trump card here he can pull out any time
so next he says OK republicans fund my
unconstitutional executive amnesty is
contrary to law it's flouting federal
immigration law but you republicans
funded anyway or else i Barack Obama
will veto funding for the entire
our federal government shutdown and
Republican leadership says at the outset
ok we'll find that most are now you turn
to Planned Parenthood over Barack Obama
this will surprise no one says fund 100%
of Planned Parenthood with taxpayer
money mind you planned parenthood's a
private organization is not even part of
the government but it happens to be
politically favored by President Obama
and the Democrats planned parenthood is
also the subject to multiple criminal
investigations for being caught on tape
apparently carrying out a pattern of
ongoing felonies in ordinary times the
proposition that we should not be
sending your advice federal taxpayer
money to fund a private organization
under multiple criminal investigations
that ought to be a one hundred and
nothing vote but I mentioned before
Barack Obama is absolutely committed to
his partisan objectives he is like the
Terminator he never stops he never gives
up he moves forward and forward and
forward so what does he say if you don't
find this one private organization
that's not part of the government that's
under multiple criminal investigations i
Barack Obama will veto funding for the
entire federal government and shut it
down and what is republican leadership's
a little surprised no one republican
leadership says we surrender we will
fund Planned Parenthood president Obama
has negotiated a catastrophic nuclear
deal with iran republican leadership
does on television all the time and
rightly says this is a catastrophic deal
the consequences are that it's the
single greatest national security threat
to America millions of Americans could
die
mr President I would suggest if we
actually believed the words that are
coming out of our mouths then we would
be willing to use any and all
constitutional authorities get into
Congress to stop a catastrophic deal
that sends over 100 billion dollars to
the ayatollah khamenei but yet President
Obama says he'll veto the entire budget
if we do and to the surprise of nobody
republican leadership surrenders you
know I'll draw an analogy mister
president it is if at a football game
the beginning at a football game the two
team captains go out to flip the coin
and one team's coach walks out and says
we forfeit and they do it
game after game after game right of the
coin flip leadership says we forfeit we
surrender we republicans will find every
single big-government liberal liberal
priority the democrats now if the team
did that if an NFL team did that over 16
games they would know what their record
with it would be a 160 and you know I'd
be pretty sure that the fans who bought
tickets who went to the game would be
pretty ticked off as they watch their
coach forfeit over and over and over and
over again
you want to understand the volcanic
frustration with Washington it's that
republican leadership in both houses
will not fight for a single priority
that we promised the voters we would
fight for when we were campaigning less
than a year ago
you know this past week was a big
newsweek in washington Speaker of the
House John Boehner announced he was
going to resign there was lots of
speculation in the media as to why the
Speaker of the House resigned as
president tell you why you reside
it's actually a direct manifestation of
this disconnect between the voters back
home and republican leaders
Speaker Boehner and later McConnell had
promised there will be no shutdown so
therefore they will fund every single
priority of Barack Obama's we are right
now voting on what's called a clean see
are now I will note it is clean only in
the parlance of Washington because what
does it do it funds 100% of Obamacare
100% of executive amnesty it funds all
of Planned Parenthood
funds the Iranian nuclear deal it is
essentially a blank check to Barack
Obama that's not very clean to me that
actually sounds like a very dirty
funding bill funding priorities that are
doing enormous damage now in the senate
the votes were always there for a dirty
CRA CRA that funded all about Obama's
priorities are democrats a little vote
for tech course they will they've got
the other side funding their priorities
of course every democrat will vote for
that over and over and over again and
twice on Sunday and the simple reality
on the republican side as when
leadership joins with the democrats
about half of the republican caucus is
happy to move over to that side of the
aisle so the votes were always
preordained now the motion I may just a
moment ago was a motion to table the
treaty member filling the tree something
we heard about a lot in the previous
Congress Harry Reid the Democratic
leader did it all the time
senators on this side of the aisle stood
up over and over again instead of using
process likely even campaigned our
leadership saying we're gonna have an
open amendment process and yet what's
happened here
majority leader McConnell has taken a
page out of leader reads label and
filled the tree I moved to table the
tree and what you then saw was
leadership denying a second and what is
denying a second
denying a recorded vote why is that
important as president when you are
breaking the commitments made to the men
and women who elected you most painful
thing in the world is accountability
when you are misleading the men and
women who showed up to vote for you you
don't want sunshine make it clear that
you voted no
a recorded vote means each senator's
name is on it now why did I moved the
table but recently to add the amendment
that I attended which would have number
one said not one penny goes to Planned
Parenthood and number two not one penny
goes to implementing this catastrophic
Iranian nuclear deal unless and until
they comply with federal law the
administration complies with federal law
and hands over the full deal including
the side agreements with a friend what
you saw was republican leadership
desperately does not want a vote on that
mr President I intend tomorrow to make
that motion again and when I make that
motion again I would encourage those
watching to see which senators are here
to give a second or not and devote yay
or nay I would note by the way when you
deny a second which is truly an
unprecedented procedural trick it used
to be that was a courtesy that was
afforded to all senators indeed in the
opposing party routinely over and over
again when a democrat or republican ask
for a second
everyone raises their hand what
leadership is discovered we can do this
in the dark night but I would encourage
those watching to see number one when
this motion is offered again who shows
up to offer a second and who either
doesn't raises hand or just doesn't come
to the floor one of the ways you avoid
accountability is your somehow somewhere
else doing something really really
important instead of actually showing up
to the battle that is raging right here
and now but I would also encourage
people to watch very carefully what
happens after that after that you have a
voice vote
still a vote let's be clear standing
here on the floor there were two
senators senator Lee and I voted up to
voted to table to table the tree and
take up the amendment barring funding
for Planned Parenthood and barring
funding for this catastrophic Iranian
nuclear do the remaining senators on the
republican side yard leader McConnell
you had whipped corning
senator Alexander you senator talk those
four senators voted loudly know it's
still a vote even though it's not
recorded though to vote on the Senate
floor so why did Speaker Boehner resign
I mentioned to you that the votes were
always cooked here the democrats +
republican leadership in the votes that
they bring with them
ensure plenty of votes for a dirty CRC
are in the funds Obamacare the funds
amnesty the fund Planned Parenthood that
funds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear
deal but the house was always the
bulwark mister president you'll remember
in 2013 we had a fight over Obamacare he
was serving in the house the time and
that fight we never had the votes in the
Senate actually this and it was under
control of the democrats they were going
to do anything they could defend
Obamacare regardless of millions of
people hurting but the house was the
bulwark in that fight any particular
there was a score of 40 or 50 strong
principled conservatives who care deeply
about honoring the commitments they made
to the men and women elected that that
was always the strength we had that
fight you know it's been interesting
reading some of the
press coverage speculating that there
would be some magic parliamentary trick
that would somehow stop this corrupt
deal while in the Senate there are no
magic parliamentary tricks when you have
the democrats + republican leadership in
a chunk of the republicans those votes
can roll over any parliamentary trick
you might use even with the Blood Moon
we just had there are no mystical powers
that allow you to roll over that but in
the house we still got that 30 40 50
strong conservatives so how is it that
Speaker Boehner and leader McConnell
could promise there will never ever ever
be shut down because I believe Speaker
Boehner has decided to cut a deal with
Leader Nancy Pelosi the leader of the
democrats that this juror TCR that can
be passed out of the Senate gonna go to
the house and the speakers gonna take it
up on the floor
passed it with all the democrats just
like leader McConnell just hit and a
handful of Republicans who will go with
republican leadership a very significant
percentage of republicans will vote no
but here's the problem
Speaker Boehner done that or the ones
and in this instance there were too many
republicans who were tired of seeing
their leadership leave the democrats
rather than lead the republican party I
believe a speaker that Boehner had done
that had passed a dirty see our funding
Planned Parenthood funding this Iranian
nuclear deal that he would have lost a
speakership a member of the house had
introduced a motion to vacate the chair
that house republicans were fed up with
their leader not leading at least not
leading their party leading the
democratic party to Speaker Boehner
faced
a conundrum if he does what he and later
McConnell promised which is funded all
of Barack Obama's priorities he would
have lost his job and so what did he do
he announced that he is resigning as
speaker and resigning as a member of
congress that is unsurprising but it
also Telegraph's the deal that he's just
cut it a deal to surrender and join with
the democrats notice he said he's gonna
stay a month he's going to stay a month
in order to join with the democrats and
fund Barack Obama's priorities now let's
talk about some of the substantive
issues that we ought to be talking about
let's start with planned parenthood
past couple of months a series of videos
have come out about Planned Parenthood
now to some of the people watching this
you may never seen the videos why is
that caused the mainstream media has
engaged in a virtual media blackout on
the ABC NBC CBS last thing they want to
do is show these videos you watch Fox
News you can see the videos but the
mainstream media in the great tradition
a problem
wants to make sure the citizenry doesn't
see what's in these videos I would
encourage every American Republican or
Democrat regardless of where you fall on
the right to life even if in fact
especially if you consider yourself
pro-choice just watch these videos go
online and watch them and ask yourself
are these my values is this what I
believe these videos show senior
officials from Planned Parenthood
lasting sipping Chardonnay and callously
harmlessly selling the body parts of
unborn children over and over and over
again one senior officials caught on
video
laughing and saying she hopes she sells
enough body parts of unborn children to
buy herself a Lamborghini again I would
suggest just ask yourself for these my
values and another video a lab tech
describes a little baby boy
unborn board in about two pounds his
heart still beating she was instructed
to insert the scissors under his chin to
cut open the face of this little boy and
harvest his brain because the brain was
valuable Planned Parenthood sell the
brain
this is something that a brave new world
this is human beings that little boy at
heart was still beating had a brain that
was being harvest and he had a salt
given him by God Almighty he was made in
the image of God and we are now a nation
that harvest the body parts of little
baby boys and girls
is the very definition of inhumanity to
treat children like agriculture to the
ground and killed for their body parts
to be sold for product now there is a
reason that the media the democrats
don't want these videos shown does
anyone watching these videos will be
hard-fought but they're not just
terrific they're also promised facie
evidence of criminal activity there are
multiple federal statues criminal
statutes that Planned Parenthood appears
to be violating perhaps on a daily basis
the first and most direct is a
prohibition on selling the body parts of
unborn children for profit
federal criminal law makes it a felony
with up to 10 years in jail time now
these videos show very clearly selling
body parts they also show them bartering
overpriced now argue it wasn't for a
profit but you watch these videos you
watch the undercover buyers saying how
much will you give me for them
you see the Planned Parenthood officials
say how much can I get I don't wanna
bargain against myself on its face
that's evidence of bargaining for a
product you want the highest price you
can get it's not tied your costs tied to
whatever dollars whatever revenue you
can bring in and planned parenthood is
the largest abortion provider in this
country as another one of these videos
reflects it is a Lolium business Planned
Parenthood taking the lives of unborn
children and then selling them
apparently for-profit it is also a
federal criminal offence to alter the
means of an abortion for the purpose of
harvesting the organs of the unborn
child that's a separate
offense on video after video you see
Planned Parenthood officials say ok what
part would you like we can perform a
different abortion depending on what
part you want us to harvest on the
videos they essentially admit to this
crime they are filmed in the end there's
the third criminal offense that provides
you cannot harvest the organs of an
unborn child without informed consent
from the money and yet again these video
seemed to indicate that Planned
Parenthood treats informed consent as a
technicality that is sometimes complied
with and sometimes ignored now I will
say mister president as an aside
ordinarily when a national organization
is caught on film committing a pattern
of felonies the next steps are
predictable the Department of Justice
opened an investigation the FBI shows up
and seizes their records
everything on those video suggests those
felonies are still occurring today what
does it say about the Obama Justice
Department that no one on the face of
the planet believe there's any chance
the justice department would even begin
to investigate what does it say about
the most lawless partisan Department of
Justice that you've got this group A
it's a political ally the president so
that's apparently all that matters if
it's an ally of the president it doesn't
matter that their videotape committing
felonies Department of Justice will not
even look at it you know I'm an alumnus
of the US Department of Justice I was an
associate deputy attorney general I
spent much of my adult life working in
law enforcement Department of Justice
has a long distinguished record of
remaining outside of partisan politics
of staying above the partisan fray of
being blind to party or ideology and
simply enforcing the law and the
constitution I'm sorry to say under Eric
Holder and Loretta Lynch the Department
of Justice is completely besmirched that
tradition no one remotely believes that
the Obama Justice Department will even
begin to investigate this pattern of
felonies you don't see democrats
suggesting no one in the media suggest
and by the way
if this were a republican administration
and the entity but admitted to a pattern
of feelings was a private entity that
supported republicans you would see on
CBS NBC ABC an indictment clock every
night he would see the anchors saying
when will this investigation open when
will they be indicted instead the media
attends these videos don't exist
in the face of what appears to be a
national criminal enterprise we're faced
with a much simpler question will we
continue to pay for it
will we continue to pay for it with your
own my tax dollars will we sent five
hundred million dollars a year to a
private organization to use to fund this
ongoing criminal organization
and what's the position of the democrats
hear no evil see no evil they do not
care what democrats do you see calling
for the enforcement criminal laws
against Planned Parenthood what
democrats do you see saying at a minimum
let's not spend taxpayer money to fund
this not one not a single democrat stood
up and said that let me ask you mister
president what happens if Planned
Parenthood gets indicted because even
though the us- Department of Justice
under president Obama has become little
more than a partisan arm of the
democratic national committee there are
state local prosecutors are
investigating Planned Parenthood right
now if Planned Parenthood has indicted
to the democrats maintain their wall of
silence say we're going to continue to
fund them under indictment by all
indications yes you haven't heard a
single democrats say well if they're
indicted then we'll stop
the response mister president from our
leadership is we can't win this fight
that's the response they say well we
can't win the Planned Parenthood fight
why cuz we don't have sixty votes
because we don't have 67 those mister
president if that's the standard than
republican leadership standard is we
will only do whatever Harry Reid Nancy
Pelosi print that's what it means you
don't understand why the american people
are frustrated we were told if only we
had a Republican House of
Representatives and things would be
different
2010 millions of US rose up incredible
numbers and one in historic title win
election mister president you were a
youth pastor called the ministry and yet
you stood up and said my countries in
crisis I'm gonna stand forward answer
the 2010 election was historic and yet
very little changed then we were told ok
we've got a House of Representatives but
the problem is the senate as long as
Harry Reid as majority leader we can't
do anything over and over again
Washington graybeards would go on
television and in gravely tones they
would say you cannot govern with
one-half of one-third of government the
house of representatives is not enough
but if we had the senate then things
would be different the problem is Harry
Reid mister president you recall during
the fight over Obamacare a number of
members of this body Republican said no
no no no no we can't fight on Obamacare
we have to wait until we have a
republican senate to fight
to the american people obliged in 2014
millions of US rose up the second tidal
wave election in a period of four years
we 19 Senate sees we retired Harry Reid
as majority leader who won the largest
majority in the House of Representatives
since the nineteen twenties it's been
now for nine months since we've had
republican majorities in both houses and
I ask you mister president what exactly
have those republican majorities
accomplished now taking this present
i've asked that question all over the
country and townhomes I've never been in
a town hall where the response
spontaneously was not absolutely nothing
that's true in every state of visitors
and sadly my response over and over
again as you know it's worse than that I
wish the answer absolutely nothing it
would have been better if the republican
majority said done absolutely nothing
because what in fact that they've done
the very first thing that happened right
after that election in November we came
back to washington republican leadership
joined up with Harry Reid the democrats
and passed a trillion dollar chrome to
the spill it was filled with poor
corporate welfare group government grew
the debt then republican leadership took
the lead in funding Obama than
Republican leadership took the lead in
funding executive and then republican
leadership took the lead in funding
Planned Parenthood and then
astonishingly republican leadership took
the lead and current confirming Loretta
Lynch as attorney general mister
president which one of those decisions
is one iota different from what would
have happened with Harry Reid the
Democrats in charge of this change those
decisions are identical and I would note
by the way with Loretta Lynch the
republican majority could have defeated
that nomination
the senate Majority Leader could have
done so and yet she looked at the Senate
Judiciary Committee she looked at the
senate when asked how she would differ
from Eric Holder's Justice Department
the most lawless and partisan Justice
Department ever seen she said no way
whatsoever when asked to point to a
single instance in which he'd be willing
to stand up to President Obama to stop
his lawlessness to stop his abuse of
power
she could not identify any circumstance
in which she would ever stand up to the
president who appointed her attorneys
general from both parties have done that
for centuries now with Eric Holder said
it could be forgiven because his
lawlessness manifested primarily after
he was confirmed with the red line she
told us beforehand she looked as in the
eyes and say hey I'm gonna do exactly
what my predecessors and Republican
leadership confirmed or anyone is it any
wonder the american people are
frustrated undermines we keep winning
elections and the people we put in
office
don't do what they said they would do
now some people across the country ask
me is republican leadership just not
very capable not that companies are they
are unwilling to fight the president's
neither are actually quite competent and
they're willing to fight the question is
what they're fighting for
there's a disconnect right now the or I
go to our home state will go to any
gathering of services we put up a white
four and we ask the citizens the room
give me the top priorities you think
republican majorities in Congress should
be focusing we wrote twenty priorities
that came from the citizens of oklahoma
the citizens of Texas or for that matter
the citizens of any of the 50 states
those top 20 priorities at least
eighteen of them would appear nowhere on
leadership priority list on the other
hand
if you drive just down the street in
washington to K Street K Street is a
street in washington where the lobbyists
primarily resigned whether officers are
if you get a gathering of corporate
lobbyists that represent giant
corporations and you ask them their top
priority since the list that comes out
or not just bear passing similarity it
will be identical to the priorities are
republican leadership that's the
disconnect you know why we're not here
fighting on this because not getting
taxpayer money to Planned Parenthood is
not among the priorities of the
lobbyists on K Street
leadership is not interested in doing
that's the disconnect leadership doesn't
know how to fight just a couple of
months ago dealing with the export
import bank we saw leadership in both
chambers done extraordinary lengths
herculean procedural step to try to
reauthorize a classic example of
corporate welfare hundreds of billions
of dollars of taxpayer guaranteed loans
the giant corporations now for that
leadership is incentivized
those corporations hire lobbyists and
those lobbyists distribute checks
typically by the wheelbarrow and there
is no incentive greater in this body
than getting reelected in the view of
leadership is you get re-elected by
raking in the cash and you think we've
gotten 18 trillion dollar national debt
as the way you reach bipartisan
compromise in this body today in the
broken world of washington did you grow
and grow and grow government you sit
around and roomies sale spent for your
product prior to your prior to your
prior to your prior
another trillion dollars and we're not
the only people that loser your children
in mind the only people that loser the
next generations who find themselves
mired deeper and deeper and deeper in
debt I think my little girls Carolina
Catherine 474 little stop what we're
doing your children in my children will
face a depth so crushing they won't be
able to spend in the future for the
priorities of the future for their needs
for their wants for whatever crises come
up with the next generation confronts
they'll spend their whole lives simply
working to pay off the debts racked up
by their deadly parents and grandparents
generation in history has ever done this
to their children and grandchildren are
parents didn't do it to us
their parents didn't do it to them the
reason is the corruption of this town
and it boils down to a simple
proposition the democrats are willing to
do anything to push their priorities and
the republicans the leadership is not
listening to the men and women who
elected us but it's actually an even
deeper problem that on the democratic
side the major donors that fund the
Democratic Party they don't despise
their base the billionaires who write
the giant cheques that fund President
Obama and Hillary Clinton and the
democrats on that side of the aisle they
don't despise the radical gay rights
movement of the radical environmentalist
movement all the people that knock on
doors and get Democrats elect the simple
reality is a very large percentage of
the Republican donors actively despise
our base actively despise the men and
women who showed up and voted you and me
and all I can tell you when you sit down
and talk with a New York billionaire
Republican donor and I have talked with
quite a few New York billionaire
Republican donor California Republican
donors their questions start out as
follows first of all you gotta come out
for gay marriage you need to be
pro-choice and you need to support
analyst that's where the Republican
donors are you wanna what you wonder why
Republicans won't fight on any of these
issues as the people writing the checks
agree with the democrats now mind you
the people who show up at the polls who
elected you and me and elected this
republican majority far too many of the
Republican donors look down on those
voters as a bunch of ignorant hits in
rooms while leadership like showboat you
know it wasn't too long ago when the
Washington cartel was able to basketball
with a showboat or two and they tell the
rooms back home see we voted on it we
just don't have the votes
you know when I was first elected to
this body many times I heard more senior
senators saying some variation of the
following now ted that's what you tell
folks back home you don't actually do it
here's what's changed the course of
gotten more informed I now understand
the difference between show votes in a
real don't understand the vote we had a
week ago on Planned Parenthood was
designed to lose to placate those silly
folks think we shouldn't be sending
taxpayer funds to a criminal
organization that is selling the body
parts of unborn children but on the
actual vote that could change policy
leadership has no interest in fighting
whatsoever
you know the past couple of weeks one of
my colleagues sent me a letter that
really embodied the leadership message
this letter said explain to me how you
get sixty seven votes to defund Planned
Parenthood you can't produce $67 I won't
support it
mister president if that is our standard
then we should all be honest with the
men and women who elected us we do not
have 67 republican votes in this chamber
and there's no realistic prospect of are
getting 67 votes
anytime in the foreseeable future if the
standard is unless you get sixty seven
votes Republican leadership will support
mill policy issues in each of us only
run to tell the voters to vote for me I
will support whatever policy agenda
Harry Reid Nancy Pelosi decide because
that's my standard if i dont have 67
votes
deal ever recall Harry Reid the
democrats saying how can we get
republican votes
their side is absolutely committed to
their principles you don't see them
holding back at all if the standard is
how do we get 67 votes
name one thing that leadership will
fight for well the answer I mentioned
the three types of those they'll fight
for big government will fight to grow
government the fight to expand corporate
welfare well that can indeed get 67
votes but I've never been to a town home
once where citizens said to me the
problem is we don't have enough
corporate welfare I need more subsidies
for big business if a hundred percent of
the agendas republican leadership is
more subsidies for big business what the
heck are you and i doing in the senate
in the first place
that's certainly one why I ran out when
will you ran either
you don't have to win every fight you
don't have to fight everything you do
have to stand for something
and let's look beyond Planned Parenthood
for a minute let's look to around all of
the decisions that the Obama
administration has made there maybe none
more damaging than this catastrophic
Iranian nuclear deal if this deal goes
through there will be three consequences
number one the Obama administration will
become quite literally the world's
leading financier of radical islamic
terrorists now when I said that a couple
of months ago President Obama got very
very upset he said it was ridiculous
that I would say such a thing but
despite attacking me directly
President Obama didn't actually endeavor
to refute the substance of what I said
so let's review the facts back number
one erroneous today the world's leading
state sponsor of terrorism that fact is
understood even by this administration
if this deal goes through over 100
billion dollars will go directly to a
ran to the ayatollah khamenei in fact
number three if that happens
billions of those dollars will go to
Hamas and Hezbollah to the routines to
radical islamic terrorists across the
globe will use those billions to murder
americans to murder israelis and
murdering europeans
presidents worth remembering fourteen
years ago this month
horrific terrorist attack that was
carried out on September 11 Osama bin
Laden hated America but he never had
billions of dollars you never had a
hundred billion dollars the ayatollah
khamenei hates America every bit as much
as Osama bin Laden it and this
administration is giving him control of
over 100 billion dollars imagine what
bin Laden could have done
look at the damage he did with 19
terrorists carrying box cutters now
imagine that same Delatorre with
billions of dollars behind it the
consequences of this deal could easily
be another terrorist attack that dwarfs
September 11th and scale that kills far
more than the roughly 3,000 lives that
were snuffed out
who in their right mind would send over
100 billion dollars to a theocratic
zealot who chanted death to America a
second consequence of this catastrophic
deal is that we're abandoning for
hostages four American hostages in
iranian jails pastor Saeed Abedini an
American citizen his wife now may lives
in idaho I visited with now many times
faster site has two little kids
desperately want their daddy was
sentenced to eight years in prison for
the crime of preaching the gospel just
last week was a three year anniversary
of pastor Saeed imprisonment reports are
that he's being horribly mistreated that
his health is failing and yet President
Obama cannot bring himself to utter the
words pastor Saeed Abedini hundred
billion dollars to the Ayatollah
Khomeini and pastor Saeed Abedini
remains in prison
also in prison is Amir Hekmati an
american marine president has a banded
also in prison is Jason resident a
washington post reporter I know to the
reporters in the gallery a colleague
viewers abandoned by President Obama in
an Iranian prison thrown in jail for
doing his job reporting on the news and
Robert Levinson his whereabouts remain
unknown why does the president refused
even to honor their names
third consequence of this deal is this
deal will only accelerate Iran's
acquiring nuclear weapons now the
administration claims that the deal will
prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear
weapons why because they promised not to
do it we have learned from a rare they
break their promises over and over and
over again and what we do now is that
they'll have an extra hundred billion
dollars to develop nuclear weapons with
now I will say the administration is
laughingly suggested well they'll use
that on infrastructure to rebuild their
roads to rebuild their energy industry
right now they're sending vast sums to
Hamas and Hezbollah funding terrorism
across the world and they had the same
infrastructure needs another hundred
billion dollars you don't think they're
going to find an awful lot of it to
developing nuclear weapons and I would
point out it is not by accident that the
ayatollah khamenei refers to israel is
the little Satan in tehran is the great
see america's the great see this is the
one thread on the face of the earth that
poses a real possibility of millions of
americans being murdered and flash but I
know everything I'm saying Republican
leadership said over and over again and
yet
republican leadership refuses to enforce
the terms of the iran review legislation
federal law that the administration is
defined by not handing the entire deal
over I've laid out a clear path a
detailed path that leadership can follow
to stop this d leadership refuses to do
so instead we had a showboat that was
designed to lose and it did exactly what
we expected the democrats by and large
put party loyalty above the national
security of this country above standing
with our friend and ally the nation of
Israel about protecting the lives of
millions of Americans if we really
believe what so many of us have said
that this poses the risk of murdering
millions of Americans is there any
higher priority the most powerful
constitutional tool Congress has the
power of the purse
if we had the ability to stop this deal
and we don't and millions of Americans
died how do we explain that to the men
and women who elected us I'm not
advocating that we fight willy nilly I'm
advocating that we fight on things that
matter don't give five hundred million
dollars to Planned Parenthood a corrupt
organization that is taking the lives of
vast numbers of unborn children in
selling their body parts in a criminal
conspiracy directly contrary to federal
law and don't give a hundred billion
dollars to the ayatollah khomeini who
seeks to murder millions in both
instances those are defending life and
yet Republican leadership is not willing
to lift a finger
if only all the people who might be
murdered by a nuclear weapon could
create a pack in washington and hire
some lobbyists maybe leadership would
listen to them then but the truck driver
at home the waitress at home school
teacher at home the pastor the police
officer working men and women the
Washington cartel doesn't listen to them
and I'll note with this deal is headed
in December when this journey continuing
resolution expires leadership is already
foreshadowing they plan to bust the
budget caps why we talked about at the
beginning Barack Obama has discovered he
says the word shut down and Republican
leadership screen surrenders and run to
the hills above my understanding that
quite well says you don't bust the
budget caps I'll shut the government
down and republicans in this bizarre
process republican leadership will blame
whatever Obama dozen other republicans
you notice how much energy leader
McConnell devotes to attacking
conservatives you notice how much energy
Speaker Boehner devoted to attacking
conservatives just yesterday to speaker
of the house went on national television
and on national television he directed
an obscene epithets may person he's
welcome to insult whomever he likes I
don't intend to reciprocate but when US
leadership ever showed that level of
venom that level of animosity to
President Obama and the Democrats who
are bankrupting this country who are
destroying the Constitution are
endangering the future of our children
and grandchildren who are retreating
from leadership in the world and have
created an environment that has led to
the rise of radical islamic terrorists
you wanted a dynamic mister president
we've seen and fight after fight this
area read the democrats sit back and
laugh why because its Republican
leadership that leads the onslaught
attacking conservative saying no you can
and we won't do anything to stop
Obamacare no you can't we won't do
anything to stop amnesty no you can't we
won't do anything to stop Planned
Parenthood no you can't we won't do
anything to stop Iran from acquiring
nuclear weapons
if Republican leadership really believes
we can accomplish nothing and why does
it matter if you have a Republican House
or Senate every two years come october
november we tell the voters it matters
intensely to paraphrase phrase the
immortal words of hillary clinton what
difference does it make if the standard
for republican leadership is anything
that gets 67 votes will support that
means Harry Reid Nancy Pelosi remained a
defector leaders of the set in the house
and I would note by the way if in
December leadership goes through with
their promise to bust for the prom
promise but their suggestion to bust the
budget caps they would have done
something astonishing historically the
three legs of the conservative still
have been fiscal conservatives social
conservatives national security
conservatives between Planned Parenthood
Iran and the budget caps leadership will
have managed to abandon all three
no wonder the american people are
frustrated no wonder the american people
do not understand why leadership isn't
listening to them

much for welcoming us here thank you for
your hospitality thank you everyone for
coming out this morning let me say to
bill and Bob thank you for your
tremendous leadership thank you for
leading our team here on the ground and
new hampshire thank you for the
incredible work you have done assembling
a grassroots army jack thank you for
your leadership helping bring
conservatives together you know we're
seeing in new hampshire across the
country we're seeing the old reagan
coalition coming together
week ago with an extraordinary win we
had
all the pundits on TV said we couldn't
win a member Sunday night a week ago
watching every TV station every pundit
said there was no chance crews can't win
give up on it it's hopeless it will not
happen again on happened one after the
other after the other after the other
and then just one thing they forgot the
people
and the men and women of our was put the
country on notice that the media are not
gonna pick the republican nominee or the
next president
and the washington establishment is the
next president the United States
instead it will be so encouraging is
that reagan coalition we saw the coming
together of conservatives and
evangelicals and libertarians and reagan
democrats and young people all coming
together now you look at the results on
election night we won overwhelmingly
among concerns we won overwhelmingly
among evangelical but we also won among
reagan democrats and we also won among
young people that's the diverse array we
need to win the nomination but also to
win and here in new hampshire we're
seeing that same reagan coalition coming
together you know just yesterday we
received the support of five new
hampshire representatives who have been
part of Rand Paul's team as we see the
Liberty movement coalescing
and just this morning we're pleased to
announce state senator Kevin abar Rand
Paul's new hampshire state chairman has
endorsed this campaign is standing with
us as well and I gotta tell you when the
reagan coalition comes together when the
Liberty movement is standing with Tea
Partiers is standing with small business
owner is standing with republican women
is standing with evangelicals is
standing with conservatives that becomes
a move from the people that scares the
living daylights out of washington DC's
just have this it's worth reflecting on
our campaign we were the only major
candidate to compete in the state of
Iowa Foursquare opposed to the ethanol
now it's conventional wisdom is that
political suicide in Iowa thats like
coming up to new hampshire and
campaigning against the New England
papers just to be clear I'm not doing
this but all the conventional wisdom
said you cannot compete unless you're
for the ethanol mandate not only by two
leading competitors who finished second
third
welfare will expended
someone hold out a certain very very shy
developer from New York City prompted
the republican governor of iowa area
these guys are fine they will all keep
the cronyism going but that will
actually end
the Washington rock it works the
governor's son the major ethanol
lobbyists who ran millions of dollars of
attack ads blasting us for opposing yet
that all mandate for daring to stand for
a level playing field with no mandates
no subsidies for anyone
all of the above energy in a fair and
even playing field without Washington
picking winners and losers
then the results on election day but
their country with their children but
the future put the bankrupting of our
kids and grandkids if we're going to
turn around the 19 trillion dollar debt
that is bankrupting the next generation
we've got to be willing to say no to the
washington cartel say no to the cronyism
say no to the corporate welfare say no
to the bipartisan corruption in
Washington to the constitutional
principles that built this country
and it's worth observing internal no
money money night on the republican side
we had the highest turning in history
50% higher than the last record
shattered turnout records on the
democratic side their turnout was thirty
percent lower than 2008
heard that on the nightly news in almost
kind of make sure one year what
political party the reporters are
members of you know we keep hearing feel
the burn so many wisecracking most of
them are not fit for missus mixed
company but the Democratic turnout
dropped 30% the republican turnout rose
30% in a purple state like Iowa and you
know who was coming up in reagan's
every day as I can paint across the
country I see men and women to come up
to me and say I'm a Democrat up in a
democrat my whole life just a few days
ago here in new hampshire to town hall
gentleman came up to me said I'm a union
carpenter please don't tell my union
boss on here but he said you know what
we're doing that make any sense on with
you you know today the first time in
history a majority of Americans believe
that our kids will have a worse life
than 65% that has never been the case in
the history of this country until right
now may be the most un-american idea you
can imagine I believe the central issue
in 2016 will be reigniting the promise
of getting back to that fundamental
ideals that our kids live a better life
than we did in their kids better life
when we get back to the free market
principles of constitutional liberties
that built America you know the great
thing about internal drew's carol is
true
three keys reigniting the promise of
America number one we bring back jobs
and growth and opportunity and number
one priority is economic growth why is
that because economic growth is
foundational to every other challenge
we've got if you wanna turnaround
unemployment if you want to pay down the
national debt if you want to rebuild our
military you want to strengthen and
preserve Social Security and Medicare it
gotta have growth with grossly can do
all of that without rose and the folks
here understand cause and effect you
understand that every time we go down
the path we're on now that a control
spending and taxes and regulations you
get what we've got now
misery and stagnation malaise it does
not work and what hillary Clinton Bernie
Sanders promised more of the same more
spending more taxes more debt and if we
do that we only get more stagnation more
misery more young people coming at his
school with loans up to their eyeballs
not able to get a job
every time the federal government is
pursued tax reform and regulatory reform
every time it is pulled the boot of the
federal government off the backs of the
next of small business
the result has been incredible economic
growth and was true in the 1922 calvin
coolidge was true in the nineteen
sixties with JFK was true in the
nineteen eighties with ronald reagan
regulatory the single most important
regulatory reform is we need to repeal
every word of Obamacare
Obamacare is the biggest job killer in
America and we need to pass commonsense
health care reform that makes health
insurance personal and portable and
affordable and he government from
getting in between us and our doctors
and then the simplest and best tax
reform is waiting to pass a simple flat
tax
taxes on a postcard
we do that we should abolish the IRS
you know gosh in the live free or die
state it's almost like the IRS is not a
beloved institute a second key to
reigniting the promise of america is we
need to defend our constitutional rights
instead of the federal government
violating our rights attacking the
rights of law-abiding citizens we need a
president who will stand and defend the
entire bill of rights
we need to defend the First Amendment
free speech and especially especially
especially religious liberty
you know if you understand just how far
off track our country is gone you need
look no further
the Little Sisters of the Little Sisters
of the Poor are a Catholic Charities of
nuns who devote their lives to caring
for the poor in the open right now today
the Obama administration is litigating
against the Little Sisters of the Poor
trying to impose millions of dollars of
funds on the sisters under Obamacare in
order to try to force the nuns to pay
for abortion-inducing drugs and others
have a real simple rules
litigating against probably done
something
on the first day and all I will instruct
the Department of Justice and the IRS
and every other federal agency that the
persecution of religious liberty in
today
is the youngest fine gun control the
same way we do in Texas hidden what
James
and you know we are just a few weeks ago
President Obama issued executive back
trying to undermine our individual right
to keep and bear arms and need the very
first thing I intend to do on the first
day in office is rescind every single
illegal and unconstitutional executive
action taken by President Obama
we need to defend the fourth and fifth
amendment's our rights to Primus how
many of you let me ask you please leave
your cell phones on I want to make sure
President Obama here is everywhere and
we say today we need to defend the 10th
or as President Obama calls it the way
the fundamental protection that says the
powers not given to the federal
government are reserved to the states
and to the people
there's certain responsibilities of the
federal government that they need to
perform and perform well they need to
keep this country say which means we
need to rebuild the military and honor
our solemn commitment to our soldiers
and sailors and airmen and Marines
it means we need to fundamentally reform
the VA so that every veteran choose his
or her doctor
and we need to finally finally finally
secure the borders and end sanctuary
cities
but there are other areas the federal
government has no business sticking its
nose and chief among those is education
and we need to repeal every word
32 reigniting the promise of america is
we need to restore america's leadership
for seven years we've seen america
receding from leadership is made the
world a much much more dangerous place
we have abandoned an alienated our
friends and allies and we have
demonstrated weakness in appeasement to
our enemies instead of a president who
boycotts prime minister netanyahu
imagine america standing
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel
we will have a command she stands up and
says the world we will defeat radical
islamic terrorists
will have a president
willing to utter the word
radical Islamic terrorism
and we will we will completely destroy
country is very simple
the same thing is happening today people
are waking up it took Jimmy Carter
happens the republicans in america
year old as an ex-president is facially
as a Christian are you going to
demonstrate that United States
well thank you sir for that very good
question
you are absolutely right that their
enormous income inequalities unjust and
it's wrong for a long time that I think
the biggest line all the biggest lie at
all politics is that Republicans are the
party of the rich the rich do just fine
with big government business gets in bed
with big government they have armies of
lobbyists and lawyers accountants and
the growing groaned when it comes to
diagnosing the problem many folks in the
press are often surprised when I say in
large part I agree with Bernie Sanders I
agree with Bernie Sanders at the fix is
in that washington is corrupt that it is
responding to the giant corporations in
the special interests and the people
getting the short end of the stick of
the working men and women of this
country
this country
is on the solution if government is
corrupt bernie solution is we need more
government backwards I have to say I
cannot wait to stand on the debate stage
with Hillary Clinton
about income inequality the answer is
the simple truth that income inequality
has increased dramatically under the
Obama Clinton policies of the last seven
years the top one percent who are
constantly being demagogued by the
president the top 1% higher share of
income today than any year since 1928
the rich those who walk the corridors of
power in the Obama administration have
gotten fat and happy you know six of the
ten wealthiest counties in america in
and around washington D C is a very
profitable business but the people who
have been hurt clinton economy an
economy have been the most vulnerable
its young people it's it's panics it's
african-americans its single moms
because when you hammer small businesses
you take away jobs growth and the EU
what you the people who lose those on
the bottom rung of the economic ladder
for me I think about every domestic
policy from the perspective of my dad my
dad was born and raised in cuba he was
imprisoned and tortured as a teenager in
cuba and my father came to America he
was just a teeny at nothing
$100 in his underwear and he got a job
washing dishes making fifty cents an
hour I try to think of every issue
impact my father if he were still
washing dishes today for a second to
understand the miracle of the American
free enterprise system why did my dad
start washing dishes well I couldn't
speak English to speak English to take a
dish put it under hot water and scrub he
could do that in any language sometime
my dad learned english pretty quickly so
we got a second job is second job as a
cook now that made 80 cents an hour
a better job than being a dishwasher he
liked that better job is he got hired as
a teaching assistant at the University
of Texas teaching undergraduate and then
from there he got his next job at IBM as
a computer programmer and then he went
on to start a small business with my mom
today my dad is a pastor he travels the
country preach the gospel
that is the journey up the economic
ladder to the American dream that every
one of us are families have travelled
that is the American Journey what you
think about is my dad were still washing
dishes today one of the reasons I'm so
passionately opposed to Obamacare the
odds are very high he would have been
fired or never hired because it's those
low-income workers that are the ones
getting hammered by Obamacare because
it's now too expensive to keep on the
payroll by some miracle he had managed
to keep a job the odds are overwhelming
is ours would have been forcibly reduced
to 28 29 hours a week
Obamacare kicks in 30 hours a week and
you can't feed your kids you can't pay
your way through school on 28 29 hours a
week
first job washing dishes you don't get
the next job as a cook you don't get the
next job as a teaching assistant at a
computer programmer and not people off
the bottom rung of the economic ladder
you trapped them in dependency trap them
out of being able to achieve the
American dream so I think when it comes
to income inequality republicans ought
to be campaigning on it what I am
campaigning for his all the way from
getting the economic dream we can get
back to the robust economic growth that
enables anybody starting with nothing to
achieve anything i think thats the core
of our message and how we win
yessir your competitors on the debate
stage the other night seemed to have no
problem with drafting our daughters into
our daughters into the military and
unfortunately you never got asked that
question actually was not only against
women he was ending selective service I
was wondering whether he never did get
around to I was wondering what your view
was that thank you thank you very much
for that question you know I have to
admit that was one of the more surreal
moments of the debate Saturday night as
we had three different yeah it's a great
idea to be dressed in our daughters to
be dressing women into combat roles in
the military I was not asked that
question I was disappointed that almost
jumped in and yesterday I dressed just
say this I think my reaction that is are
they nuts
the father of two little girls who are
five and seven Carolina Catherine can do
anything they set their minds to
anything their hearts and dreams desire
unlimited potential but the idea that
the federal government would script role
220 pounds trying to kill them in a box
home
correctness run amok was standing there
on that debate stage 1 Canada after
another after another same sure we can
do we should be drafting young girls in
combat correctness
time has come and assist police the
truth
planes and start actually teaching your
kids and not just
secretary there to limit the corruption
and cronyism that is so corrupted
working
all capital expenditures if you buy a
new plant or equipment is immediately
expense depreciation tables no longer
have the complexity of the IRS Code you
need capital expenditures against
current income that is a test for a job
business led by senior going overseas
business producing goods for export
those entirely tax-free you don't pay no
business flat tax on any of those the
flip side is coming into america
business flat tax of sixty percent of
small businesses will have an enormous
impact bringing jobs back to this
country and what's amazing now to
foreign countries your taxes on goods
coming in we don't do the same fair and
level playing field level playing field
american productivity can beat anyone in
the world so attack that Marco Rubio
super PAC is running and they put
millions attack it is a blatantly
deceptive attack and it is not truthful
number one business flat tax is not a
the sales tax you pay the cash register
a business plan taxes not a sales tax on
business revenue is imposed on the
business not in the Catholic Church and
the kids are constructed to suggest that
this is somehow a tax increase
and they know that this is reducing
taxes in fact if you look at our white
paper this simple flat point nine
million capital investment 44 percent of
Americans from the very from the least
to the wealthiest would see double-digit
increase in after taxing so that I hear
a single mom you're making forty
thousand a year about $5,000 real
dollars in your pocket to provide for
your kids and the attacks are trying to
convince people that somehow cruise is
raising taxes they know it's false tax
plan was designed by the architect of
the reagan tax cuts that produced
incredible incredible economic growth
millions of new jobs and turn this
country around we can do it again and
that's the reason they're trying to
the treatment
president this administration of the men
and women of our armed services
because we have a commander-in-chief
does not support the mission of the
military does not have a clear mission
to find doesn't stand behind them does
not support them and even worse than
that in the combat with rules of
engagement whether arms are effectively
tied behind their back whether unable to
defend themselves
sons and daughters to risk their lives
politicians but you're not actually able
to win
you mentioned the restrictions the
restrictions on service promises are we
taking care of him following through on
our obligations
turn from their wicked ways then I will
hear their prayers from heaven and will
forgive their sin

thank you thank you very much at work
for the very very kind introduction and
then and it has been so great spending
time with with Edna less and they're
they're wonderful wonderful family it's
so great to be with so many dear friends
here this morning I'd like to begin by
just remembering those who were murdered
in San Bernardino yesterday I would ask
if we could observe a moment of silence
in their honor
the details of what happened in San
Bernardino are still unclear what our
prayers are with the families of those
who were murdered of those who were shot
and all of us are deeply concerned that
this is yet another manifestation of
terrorism radical Islamic terrorism here
at home
counting on the wake of the terror
attack in Paris this horrific murder
underscores that we are at a time of war
whether or not the current
administration realizes it or is willing
to acknowledge it
our enemies are at war with us and I
believe this nation needs a wartime
president to defend it
in recent weeks President Obama traveled
abroad to explain that he doesn't
believe in american leadership that he
doesn't believe in America winning quote
I don't have time for that you know I've
gotta say FDR and JFK and ronald reagan
were spinning in their graves to hear an
american president said he doesn't
believe in american leadership for
america winning I'll tell you when it
comes to radical Islamic terrorism I
think our strategy to borrow a page from
ronald reagan in the cold war should be
very simple we win they lose
and their three things the next
president should do to keep this nation
safe the first is speak the truth
ruth has power and at this point the
politically correct double strict speak
that comes from the Obama administration
has gone beyond the point of ridiculous
when the president stands up and says
the Islamic State isn't islamic
we need a president who the enemy by its
name radical Islamic terrorism and we
will defeat it you know there's a power
to speaking the truth back when Israel
was facing daily rocket fire with Hamas
I join with New York Democrat Kirsten
Gillibrand and introducing a resolution
condemning Hamas is use of human shields
as a war crime that resolution passed
both houses of Congress unanimously as
we came together to speak the truth
likewise following the terrorist attack
that occurred in Florida hood over five
years ago the Obama administration
refused to speak the truth refused to
acknowledge that Nadal his son who had
communicated with Anwar Awlaki unknown
radical cleric who had asked about the
permissibility of waging jihad against
his fellow servicemen who in walking
through Fort Hood murdering 14 innocent
souls yelled out a little haha Akbar as
he committed that act of terrorism the
Obama administration inexplicably
characterized that instead as workplace
violence one of the things I'm most
proud about my tenure in the senate is
that I arduous the legislation to
mandate that the purple heart awarded to
those soldiers who were murdered
the Obama pentagon fought tooth and nail
against that legislation yet I'm proud
to say on the Senate Armed Services
Committee I was able to earn the support
of Republicans and Democrats we passed
into law in December and in April I was
at the ceremony where those purple
hearts were awarded to each of the
family members I simply shook their
hands look them in the eyes and said I'm
sorry I'm sorry it took five years to
acknowledge the sacrifice of your loved
one you know when it comes to speaking
the truth this administration does
precisely the opposite we have a
president right now who at times
operates as an apologist for radical
islamic terrorists and I don't use that
word lightly the word apologist has a
very specific meeting this someone that
gives a rationalization a justification
for the conduct I was at the last
National Prayer Breakfast you'll recall
the day before Isis had lit a jordanian
pilot on fire the king of jordan who is
supposed to attend the prayer breakfast
at the fly back to Jordan and President
Obama gave a speech in which he said yes
Isis commits terrorist attack but so do
Christians and soda juice and he then
invoked the Crusades and the Inquisition
now the last I checked those ended about
nine hundred years ago and I don't think
it's asking too much for the president
of the united states to stay in the
current millennia
and the argument this is just like the
Crusades in the Inquisition is exactly
the argument that Isis and the
terrorists use and it is not beneficial
nor is it beneficial when the Secretary
of State John Kerry
you know him well suggest some months
ago that israel could become an
apartheid state
or when the Secretary of State John
Kerry also says that the terrorist
attack against Charlie Hebdo was
understandable the United States of
America should not be trying to
rationalize radical islamic terrorists
I'll tell you when John Kerry was
nominated only three senators voted
against his confirmation never have been
prouder to be in that gang of three
and when Kerry called Israel an
apartheid state I went to the senate
floor and called for Kerry's resignation
and when he and I would note that we
need more senators both Republicans and
Democrats that likewise call for
accountability when the secretary of
state uses language that undermines the
safety and security of our allies
and that's the second thing we need to
do is we need to stand by our allies
early in the Obama administration there
were warning signs one in the opening
weeks the president sent back to the
United Kingdom the bust of Winston
church that was just a foreshadowing of
things to come in after seven years we
have not seen it administration more
antagonistic in hostile to the nation of
Israel in the entire history of this
country if I have suggested to you
six years ago that the elected prime
minister of israel would come to America
would address a joint session of
Congress and he would be boycotted by
the President of the United States the
vice president of the united states and
every member of the cabinet our friends
in the media would have dismissed that
is crazy conspiracy to that would never
happen I'll tell you on the eve of that
speech I organized a panel discussion
with elie wiesel to discuss the threat
of the Iranian nuclear deal le was
wanted that to be a bipartisan
discussion so I invited one democrat
after another democrat after another
democrat after another democrat we
invited roughly a dozen Democrats and
not a single democrat was willing to
stand on a stage with Elie Wiesel and
discuss the Iranian nuclear I will tell
you it was truly humbling and powerful
just 22 to be on that stage with a man
who has seen the face of evil and can
speak truth with a moral gravity that
when ally was el said as he did that
never again must mean never again in the
one threat of that happening is a
nuclear Iran
we need a president who will stand
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel
when Hamas murdered three israeli
teenagers I join with New Jersey
Democrat Bob Menendez to introduce
legislation providing a five million
dollar reward for information leading to
the capture of the terrorists who had
kidnapped and murdered Neftali frankel
one of the three
tally was a dual Israeli us' citizen
that legislation passed the Senate
unanimously thankfully they captured the
terrorists before the house to take it
up just in the past couple of weeks I've
put together a bipartisan coalition of
some 30 senators to write to the EU to
oppose their plan to require labeling on
products coming out of israel
pledged that if I'm elected president on
the very first day in office we will
begin the process of moving the american
embassy to jerusalem the one senator
dole capitalism
and let me tell you now as we see the
global BDS movement unfortunately
getting more and more momentum behind it
a cruise administration any university
that supports the BDS movement will find
its federal funds stripped away
and the third thing we need is we need
to defeat our enemies not to weaken them
not to degrade them but to defeat them
two years ago the nation of Iran named
as their ambassador to the United
Nations Amida Buddha lobby a known
terrorist who participated Nolan holding
americans hostage everyone in this town
wrung their hands they said this is
terrible there's nothing we can do I
introduce legislation barring a Buddha
lobby and other known terrorists from
coming to America it passed the Senate
102 nothing it passed the house the four
hundred and thirty-five to nothing and
President Obama signed into law
our enemies as understanding and that
means not going down the misguided
foreign policy
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and
unfortunately too many republicans in
this town in 2009 Hillary Clinton and
Barack Obama led the effort to topple
the government in Libya the consequence
of that Libya's been handed over to
radical islamic terrorists fighting in a
war zone
shortly thereafter the Obama
administration led the effort to topple
Mubarak in Egypt the consequence of that
the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist
organization became the government in
Egypt and now we see the Obama
administration with the support of
politicians in both parties trying to
topple the government in Syria with no
plan for what will replace it if we are
to defeat our enemies we need to be
clear-eyed at toppling the government
and allowing radical islamic terrorists
to take over a nation is not benefiting
our national security interests putting
my sister al-qaida or the Muslim
Brotherhood in charge of yet another
state in the Middle East is not
benefiting our national security instead
we need a president who focuses clearly
and says we will utterly destroy ice
makes abundantly clear to any militant
on the face of the earth if you go enjoy
nice if you wage jihad against the
United States of America you are signing
you're just words
and then finally we have the Iranian
nuclear deal if I'm elected president I
have pledged in the very first day in
office to rip to shreds this
catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
Republican debates there have been other
Republican candidates for president who
said gosh that's not a very
sophisticated approach you don't
understand we need to wait and see if we
can trust the iranians they tell you
what I do trust the iranians when the
ayatollah khomeini burns American and
Israeli flags and says death to America
I trusted that he means it and I believe
in peace through strength
we are facing a moment like munich in
1938 and President Obama like
Chamberlain his comeback from Tehran
promising peace in our time yet history
has not been kind to those who have
facilitated the Gathering Storm of
homicidal maniacs who tell us they want
to kill us the next president needs to
have the fortitude to say to the
ayatollah khamenei in no uncertain terms
either you will stop your nuclear
weapons program or we will stop it for
you
and I have said many times this election
this moment in time is eerily similar to
the late nineteen seventies the
parallels between Barack Obama and Jimmy
Carter are uncanny same failed economic
policies the same misery stagnation and
malaise the same feckless and naive
foreign policy in fact the exact same
countries Russia and Iran openly
laughing and mocking the present United
States I believe this next election 2016
is going to be an election like 1980
that we are going to win by painting and
bold colors and not pale pastels
manifest failures of the carter
administration set the stage for the
Reagan Revolution which came from
millions of Americans across this
country it was a grassroots movement it
didn't come from Washington Washington
despised it came from the american
people in it transformed this country
and the world of optimism I will give
you is the same thing is happening all
over this country people are waking up
incredibly and when it comes to foreign
policy
the difference a strong president can
make is underscored by the simple fact
that this very same nation the nation of
Iran released our hostages the day
Ronald Reagan was sworn in
happy to answer or dodge any questions
first of all senator thank you on behalf
of the Republican Jewish coalition
I'm never got a standing ovation before
I got a couple questions we have been
collecting questions over the last
couple weeks and curated a bunch of them
and I know you touching a bunch of your
remarks but one of the things that comes
up in my apologies in advance for this
comparison but a number of people have
asked that much has been made of Barack
Obama coming into office as a first-term
senator with no foreign policy
experience how do you respond to those
who raised the same concerns about you
well I say two things when the media ask
Josh aren't you like Barack Obama my
reaction to reporters as I thought you
thought that was a good thing
12 presidential elections and listen
Barack Obama is not a bad president
because he was a senator Barack Obama's
a bad president has an unmitigated
socialists who won't stand up and defend
the United States of America
there's a broader point in this if you
look at the last 50 years and at the two
moments that had the greatest impact on
human liberty I would suggest it was in
nineteen eighty the election of Ronald
Reagan and in 2008 the election of
Barack Obama the first in a very
positive way the second in a very
negative way now they both share
something in common both reagan and
Obama believed profoundly and their
principles they had the courage to fight
for them when Barack Obama said he
wanted to fundamentally transform this
country he meant it and the damage that
has been done in the last seven years is
enormous and I believe the only way to
undo the damage is as republicans we
need to nominate a candidate for
president is committed to conservative
principles as Barack Obama is too
liberal arts
this dovetails into the the next
question which is how would you convince
staunchly pro-choice voters who love
your views on security on Israel that
they can still be pro-choice and vote
for your well you know that's a question
that comes up a lot in the end the
simple reality is to win every one of us
wants to win at this point desperately
and it's not just a question of our team
winning it's a question of saving this
country I believe the stakes have never
been higher than they are right now that
we are at the edge of a precipice we're
bankrupting our kids and grandkids the
safety and security of this country is
hanging in the balance and if we
continue another for eight more years
down this road we will lose this country
so we should all with a stone cold
seriousness at how we win now in
washington there are political
consultants who tell us over and over
and over again the way you win if you're
under the middle and this is no longer
an abstract theory we have now beta
tested this theory and every time we
follow that advice we get clobbered it
doesn't work in the reason it doesn't
work is very simple if you compare 2004
the last race we won nationally to 2008
and 12 the biggest difference is the
millions upon millions of conservative
voters who showed up and I'll for who
stayed home and away and stayed home in
bigger numbers and 12 and I believe if
we're going to win the central question
in this general election is how do you
motivate and inspire and bring back to
the polls to 54 million evangelical
Christians who stayed home in 2012
how do you motivate and bring back to
the polls the reagan democrats the
blue-collar Catholics across the midwest
and up into new england who stayed home
in the polls and the one thing that is
abundantly clear as if we nominate
another candidate in the mold of a bob
dole or a John McCain
or Mitt Romney all of whom are good
honorable decent men who love this
country what take did didn't work and if
we do it again the same millions of
voters who stayed home in 08 and 12 will
stay home and 16 and Hillary becomes the
next press so how do we win if you look
since war workers since World War two
the only Republicans who have ever won
have 15 run on all three legs of the
conservative school they have run as
fiscal conservatives social
conservatives and national security
conservatives if you chop off one of
those legs we don't get to 51% and so
the trick is to speak in a way that
energizes so for example you asked about
the question of life I'll tell you the
context in which I most like to discuss
life and that is the Little Sisters of
the Poor the Little Sisters of the Poor
a Catholic charity of nuns who've taken
vows of poverty they spend their lives
caring for the poor and elderly and
right now the Obama administration is
litigating against the Little Sisters of
the Poor trying to force the nuns to pay
for abortion-inducing drugs and I've
jokes many times a really good rule of
thumb if you're litigating against guns
probably done something wrong
values that bring us together bringing
back jobs and growth and opportunity
defending our constitutional rights and
restoring america's leadership in the
world that in nineteen eighty is how the
reagan revolution rose up it's what
brought millions of people to the polls
who had never voted again and it's what
we're seeing happening now there is a
reason why and six months we've had over
500,000 contributions and Ted Cruz
double our average contribution is $63
there is a reason why we do rallies
couple a couple of weeks ago we're in
Kalamazoo Michigan 9 a.m. on a Monday
morning in a hockey rink 800 people came
out almost all reagan democrats Irish
Catholic union members working men and
women the people getting hammered by the
Obama economy if we're going to win we
run a populist campaign of hard working
men and women who want to believe again
in the promise of America and we run it
against the bipartisan corruption of
washington that hillary clinton and
bodies and let me say one final thing
that I cannot wait to stand on a debate
stage with Hillary Clinton
win elections by making choices that are
meaningful choices you don't blur the
difference there's a reason there's only
one republican in the last 50 years as a
group of democrats named after reagan
democrats winning to nominate a
candidate who has the clarity to stand
up and say if you vote for Hillary
Clinton you were voting for the
ayatollah khomeini to have nuclear
weapons and if you vote for me
Iran will never have nuclear weapons
if you vote for Hillary Clinton you are
voting for 12 million people who are
here illegally to be granted amnesty if
you vote for me we will secure the
border and stop illegal immigration
if you vote for Hillary you are voting
for Obama care to be a permanent feature
of our economy in perpetuity if you vote
for me we will repeal every word of
Obamacare that I believe is how we win
with a cheerful clear meaningful
distinction that makes it dif to working
men and women across this country
thank you senator

thank you for your strong conservative
principled stance in the legislature and
thank you for your work along with our
incredible Michigan team along with Saul
Anuzis and windy day and so many
tremendous conservatives across this
state who are leading our effort I am
thrilled to be with each of you today
how many of you watch the debate in
california is it to have such a
tremendous array of talent on that stage
charismatic talented young leader
stepping forward to be leaders in the
republican party and leaders in the
nation and what a contrast with the
democrats you know I'm pretty sure the
first democratic debate is going to
consist of hillary Clinton and the
Chipotle clerk well now now now actually
that's not fair that's not fair
we can't forget about Bernie Sanders so
now the democratic field consists of a
wild-eyed socialist with ideas that are
dangerous for america and the world and
Bernie Sanders
and you know it's really quite amazing
watching the democrats delay their
debates at first it was gonna be
September than october than November you
know I think they may end up just moving
the debate till 2017
it's actually it's not widely known but
the democrats had actually planned to
have an earlier debate the problem was
the debate invitation was emailed
Hillary you know we're here today
because our nation is in crisis we're
here today because we're bankrupting our
kids and grandkids because our
constitutional rights are under assault
from washington like never before and
because America has receded from
leadership in the world and it has made
the world a much more dangerous place
and yet I'm here with a word of hope and
encouragement an exhortation all across
the state of Michigan all across this
country people are waking up we are
seeing an awakening sweeping this
country and let me tell you right now
help is on the way
so I wanna ask everyone here to look
forward look forward to January 2017 if
I'm elected president let me tell you
what I intend to do on my first day in
office the first thing I intended to is
rescind every single illegal and
unconstitutional executive action taken
by this press President Obama likes to
say he's got a phone and he's got a pin
where you live by the pan you die by the
pen and my pen has got an eraser but
sadly the corruption has not just been
limited to the white house it has
pervaded every branch of the federal
government and this is the most partisan
and lawless Department of Justice we
have ever seen the second thing I
intended to on the first day in office
isn't struck the USS Department of
Justice to open an investigation into
Planned Parenthood and these horrible
videos
the administration of justice should be
blind to party or ideology the only
fidelity at the department of justice
should be to the laws and the
Constitution of the United States of
America the third thing I intend to do
on the first day in office isn't struck
the Department of Justice and the IRS
and every other federal agency that the
persecution of religious liberty and
today that means that every serviceman
and woman has the right to worship God
with all of his heart mind and soul and
his commanding officer has nothing to
say about and that means the Little
Sisters of the Poor a Catholic charity
that the Obama administration is
litigating against trying to impose
millions of dollars of funds under
Obamacare on the sisters in order to try
to force the nuns to pay for
abortion-inducing drugs and others now
let me give you all a real simple rule
of thumb if you're litigating against
guns
you've probably done something wrong
in January 2017 the Little Sisters of
the Poor will discover that the case
against them has been dismissed the
forest thing I intend to do on the first
day in office is ripped to shreds this
catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
single greatest national security threat
facing america's the threat of a nuclear
Iran you know about a month ago I
observed if this deal goes through the
Obama administration will become quite
literally the leading financier of
radical Islamic terrorism in the world
now in response to that President Obama
got very upset and I do so hate to
dismay that he interrupted his busy
world travels in between the eighth and
ninth holes to attack me directly he
said what Cruz said is ridiculous you
can't say that you cannot use that
rhetoric but let me give you a very very
simple principle truth is not rhetoric
and in the entire course of his attack
it actually bother to try to refute any
of the substance of what I said so let's
review the facts back number one
iran is today the world's leading state
sponsor of terrorism back number two if
this deal goes through over 100 billion
dollars will flow directly to Iran
directly to the Ayatollah Khomeini and
fax number three if that happens
billions of those dollars will go to
fund Hamas and Hezbollah and the who
teased and jihadists across the globe
who will use those billions to murder
americans to murder israelis and murder
europeans if President Obama doesn't
like the rhetoric of his administration
becoming the world's leading financier
of radical Islamic terrorism there is an
easy solution stop financing radical
islamic terrorists
thing I intend to do on the first day in
office is begin the process of moving
the american embassy in Israel to
jerusalem the one senator no capital of
Israel now you know a lot of
presidential candidates both Republicans
and Democrats had made that exact same
promise and yet inevitably when they get
to the white house they don't do it and
what happens is their team comes to them
and says you know if we do that
that'll make other folks in the Middle
East really really unhappy with you
hadn't noticed there are already pretty
unhappy with and I'll tell you the
single biggest difference between me and
the other fine men and women standing on
that debate stake is that with me when I
tell you I'm gonna do something I'm
gonna do exactly what I said I would
that's day one
there are 365 days in a year for years
in a presidential term and four years in
a second term by the end of eight years
they're gonna be a whole lot of
newspaper reporters and editors and
journalists who've check themselves into
therapy in the days that follow I will
go to congress and we will repeal every
word of Obamacare in its place will pass
commonsense health care reform that
makes health insurance personal and
portable and affordable and keeps the
government from getting in between us
and our doctors
in the days that follow I will instruct
the us- Department of Education which
should be abolished I will instruct the
us- Department of Education that common
core and study day and the days that
follow we will rebuild the military we
will honor our commitments made every
soldier and sailor and airman and marine
and we will protect the right to keep
and bear arms of every serviceman and
woman
that means the next time a jihadist
walks into a recruiting station in
chattanooga he's going to encounter the
business end of firearms wielded by a
dozen Marines in the days that follow we
will finally finally finally secure the
borders and end sanctuary cities we will
stop the Obama administration's
indefensible practice of releasing
violent criminal illegal aliens and we
will pass case law in the days that
follow we will take on the EPA
and the CFPB and the alphabet soup of
federal agencies that have defended like
locusts on small businesses and we will
unleash booming economic growth that
will lift people up millions of people
coming out of school will get jobs and
move back on a path to the american jury
and in the days that follow I will go to
congress and we will pass fundamental
tax reform we will pass a simple flat
tax
so that every American can fill out his
or her taxes on a postcard and when we
do that we should abolish the IRS there
about 90,000 employees at the IRS we
need to padlock that building take all
ninety thousand put him down on our
southern border now to our friends in
the median i say that somewhat
tongue-in-cheek but yeah if you think
about it ron if you imagine imagine you
traveled thousands of miles in the
Blazing Sun you're swimming across the
Rio grant and the first thing you see is
90,000 IRS agents you turn around and go
thinking all of that make sense it's
simple common-sense live within your
means don't bankrupt our kids and
grandkids follow the constitution but
can it be done can we do it you know
scripture tells us is nothing new under
the Sun I think where we are today is
very very much like the late nineteen
seventies the parallels are uncanny the
same failed economic policies leading to
the same misery stagnation and malaise
the same back listen naive foreign
policy in fact the exact same countries
Russia and Iran openly laughing and
mocking the president of the united
states now why is it that that analogy
gives me so much hope and optimism
because we know how that story and all
across this country millions of men and
women rose up and became the reagan
revolution
and it didn't come from Washington
Washington despised ronald reagan by the
way if you see a candidate who
Washington embraces run and hide it came
from the american people in it turn this
country around we went from stagnation
in misery to booming growth millions
lifted out of poverty into prosperity
and the American dream we went from our
hostages languishing in Iran to winning
the cold war and tearing the berlin wall
to the ground
optimistic because the same thing is
happening again all over the country
the same thing is happening again people
are waking up you know we launched our
campaign on March 23rd at Liberty
University the New York Times promptly
opined crews cannot win because the
washington elites despise him I kinda
thought that was the whole point of the
campaign
lesson if you think things are going
great washington if you think we need to
continue heading in the same basic
directions just kind of fiddle around
the edges then I your guy on the other
hand if you think Washington is
fundamentally broken that there is a
bipartisan corruption of career
politicians in both parties who get in
bed with lobbyists and special interests
and grow and grow and grow government if
you think we need to take power out of
washington and back to we the people
that is what this campaign is all about
so the times continued they said okay
maybe the grass roots will be with
groups but he gonna have any money
because those Washington elites control
all the money and all the lobbyists are
with other candidates who aren't gonna
rock the boat were gonna keep that gravy
train flowing well over a month ago
all of the campaign's filed their
fundraising reports at a seventeen
Republican candidates do you know which
campaign raised the most hard money we
did
in just over three months our campaign
raised over fourteen point three million
dollars
second place was jeb bush with 11.4 now
if I told you up at six months ago that
we were gonna out raise every candidate
in the field including out raising jeb
bush by three million dollars you said I
was bark at the moon crazy by the way
someone suggested that for a bumper
sticker for us you know how he did that
that came from over a hundred and
seventy-five thousand contributions in
all 50 states people all over the
country going to Ted Cruz . or Ted Cruz
dot org Ted Cruz dot org 10 crews dot
org
our average contribution was $68 that is
the power of the grass roots
and let me tell you an interesting thing
about momentum after the first debate in
Cleveland in the hundred hours that
followed that debate our campaign raised
over one million dollars and we just had
another debate in California we
announced this morning that it didn't
take us $100 our campaign in the first
48 hours after the debate raised again
another million dollars let me close
with this for everyone here
freedom is not some abstract concept we
read about the school book freedom is
real it's personal in our lives it's our
families you know for me I think about
my mom my mom is Irish Italian born in
wilmington delaware blue-collar family
her mom was the second youngest of 17
kids they were Irish
didn't know what else to do on a
Saturday night
my mom became the first person in her
family ever to go to college now my
grandfather my mother's dad was a
difficult man he was drunk and he didn't
think women should be educated and he
certainly didn't think his daughter
should be the first person in the family
to go to college while my mom ended up
going to Rice University graduating with
a degree in math in 1956 she went to
work at Shell as a computer programmer
now you wanna talk about two industries
the oil and gas industry and computer
science neither one of which were very
welcoming to women
my mom was at the intersection of both
teams to tell me that she's very
deliberately didn't learn how to type
she said look it was the nineteen
fifties I understood the world I was
living it she said i dont wanna be
walking down the hall and have a woman
walk up and have a man walked up to me
and say sweetheart would you type this
for me my mom wanted to be able to smile
very very sweetly and with a clean
conscience say I would love to help ya
but I don't know how to type
I guess you're gonna have to use me as a
computer programmer instead my mom is a
woman of incredible courage and
conviction she's been a best friend to
me my whole life she is an amazing
grandmother to our two little girls
Carolina Catherine and then I think
about my dad Rafael Cruz my father was
born in cuba he grew up in cuba and as a
teenager my dad begin fighting in the
cuban revolution fighting when he was 14
years old he was thrown in prison when
he was 17 and he was tortured by
batista's army but my dad was lying in
that Cuban jail covered in blood and
blood and mud and grime his nose broken
his teeth dangling from his mouth he
told me he remember thinking I don't
have any kids no family depends on me it
doesn't matter if I live or die but
thankfully God had different plans for
my father my father escape cuba came to
America in 1957 when it came to this
country was 18 years old he couldn't
speak a word of English at $100 sewn
into his underwear his first job was
washing dishes make it fifty cents an
hour and he worked seven days a week he
paid his way through school and my dad
and my mom when I ended up forming a
small business together today my dad is
a pastor he travels the country
preaching the gospel
my whole life my dad has been my hero
but you know what I find most incredible
about his story and place it is every
one of us here we've got a story just
like that some of us its US others it's
our parents others it's our great great
great grand but what ties Americans
together is we are all the children of
those who risked everything for freedom
when I was a kid my dad used to say to
me over and over again when we faced
repression in Cuba I had a place to flee
to if we lose our freedom here where do
we go
that is why all of us are here today
we're here today because we will not go
quietly into the night we will not give
up on our children and grandchildren we
will stand and fight for freedom we will
stand and fight for the constitution and
if we the people rise up together we
will bring back and restore that last
best hope for mankind that shining city
on a hill that is the United States

god bless the great state of South
Carolina know how many of y'all watch
the debate this week how fantastic is it
that we have so many young talented
dynamic Republican candidates running
for president and what a contrast with
the democrats you know I'm pretty sure
the first democratic debate consisted of
hillary and the Chipotle clerk
we can't forget about Bernie cent
so now the democratic field consists of
a wild-eyed socialist whose ideas are
dangerous for american the world and
centers and is anyone else noticed that
they keep scheduling the Democratic
debates at like 1:30 in the morning on a
Saturday they aired on Alaska PBS you
know it's almost like they don't want
anyone to see their candidates but there
is good news they have announced the
location of the next democratic debate
they're gonna hosted at Leavenworth
and wanted to make it easier for hillary
to attend you know I'm so glad to be
back with all of you want to start by
just giving thanks for news we got today
at four Americans are coming home from
iran or Americans including pastor Saeed
Abedini
so many of us have been lifting up
pastor Saeed and our prayers
you know I've gotten to know his wife
nominee who is a wonderful wonderful
person who has stood like Iraq
pastor Saeed was wrongly imprisoned
who's raised their two little kids in
idaho while her husband languished in an
Iranian prison so we give thanks to God
that they're coming home but at the same
time we've gotta shake there are headed
howard said you know the details of this
dealer still coming in
you notice that the Obama administration
announces the good news and then hides
the bad news so the details that are
still coming out but from what we
understand we're releasing seven people
who were incarcerated for violating the
sanctions on Iran and helping Iran
develop nuclear weapons and their
another dozen or more who violated the
law that we've agreed we're just not
gonna prosecute and let me say there is
a false moral equivalence in a deal like
this
Saeed was in prison for the crime of
preaching the gospel he shouldn't have
been there
Amir Hekmati aus marine shouldn't have
been there in that prison Jason resin a
reporter who was in prison for reporting
on the news
shouldn't have been there and so will we
celebrate their return this deal
serves as a piece of propaganda for both
the rain in the Obama administration you
noticed every compliant reporter will
say listen this Iranian deal wonderful
me tell you three years ago I introduced
legislation and said the unconditional
release of american hostages should be
the first step in the precondition
before beginning any conversation with
Iran we saw this past week when Iran
captured two ships in prison 10 sailors
tried to humiliate them President Obama
and John Kerry celebrate how wonderful
after humiliating our sailors they let
him go
no it is not wonderful they should have
been captured in the first place and I
will tell you that image 10 Braves
sailors forced to their knees that image
will summarize the failures of the Obama
Clinton foreign policy more powerful
than any image from the last seven years
and so many people here have been burned
by politicians
have had the experience and we have a
politician they come up they campaign
and they say they say everything we want
here and we vote for him and go to
washington and they don't do what they
said and let me say that hadn't happened
once had happened twice it happens over
and over and over again and lessen the
stakes in 2016 never been higher our
country is hanging in the balance
get a very simple question for the folks
here how do we not get burned again
and I wasn't fishing for that there is
no more important question in this
primary then how do we not get burned
again because you know what every single
Republican running knows what you're
supposed to say did you notice that
nobody on thats debate stage gets up and
says i'ma squishy establishment moderate
I stand for nothing
none of them say that when someone
announces his Republican candidate for
president suddenly they agree with the
values of everyone in this room and let
me suggest a simple rule ignore what all
of us ignore what I say ignore what
every other candidate says don't listen
to the words on the campaign trail
looked action
I had a former boss he used to say if
I'm ever accused of being a Christian
I'd like to be enough evidence to
convict me
being a conservative if you're really a
conservative you're really a
constitutionalist you shouldn't have to
tell anybody because you will bear the
scars you will have been in the foxholes
in the fight you will have been standing
for your principles and it will be
evident for everyone to see
if you agree with me that the stakes
have never been higher and I want to
suggest a metric to apply to every
candidate this is a time for choosing
and I'm going to highlight seven times
for choosing 7 battles in recent years
where every candidate for public office
had a choice of where to stay let's
start with the fight over Obamacare in
2013 millions of Americans rose up
against the disaster that was Obama
Obamacare was getting ready to be
implemented in you know what republican
leadership decided they didn't wanna
fight they were scared to fighting they
didn't want to stand up and fight when
millions of Americans rose up I was
proud to stand alongside millions of
Americans fighting to stop Obamacare
journalists today wrote a column saying
cruise doesn't talk about the shutdown
anymore if you recall washingtonDC was
terrified to fight the because millions
of us stood up together and lit up the
phone for one brief moment we saw him to
the backbone appearing in all of us were
taught in junior high that in
vertebrates can't walk upright and yet
politicians disprove that every single
day
and let me suggest that time for
choosing if you wanna know by the way
every Republican candidate for president
says they'll repeal Obamacare will also
offer to sell you a bridge you want to
know who's really going to repeal
Obamacare you want to know who's willing
the bleedin stand in 2013 asked if every
candidate on that stage where were you
when the fight was being fought and the
american people were standing up to
washington if if you didn't stand up if
you did engage let's look at a second
time for choosing fight over guns
following the horrific shooting in
Newtown Connecticut President Obama and
Chuck Schumer came out with an
aggressive new national gun control plan
the president could have tried to unify
as he could have brought us together and
say let's focused on violent criminals
let's come after violent criminals come
down on them like a ton of bricks that
would have brought us together that
would have been the right thing to do to
stop the murderers and rapists and
criminals President Obama didn't do that
instead he pursued a partisan agenda try
to take away the right to keep and bear
arms of millions of law-abiding
Americans in response to that millions
of us across the country rose up to
defend our constitutional rights I was
proud to stand and lead that fights
enter the utter astonishment to the
shock and dismay of Barack Obama and
Harry Reid Chuck Schumer who were
triumphant when it came time to a vote
every single one of their proposals
undermined the Second Amendment right to
keep and bear arms was voted down on the
senate floor now once again any
republican presidential race every
republican candidate will stand up on
that stage and say they support the
second amendment there are no dumb dumbs
on that stage there is a simple test to
apply to distinguish campaign rhetoric
from an actual record in 2013 when
Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer and Harry
Reid were trying to take away our 2nd
Amendment right to keep and bear arms
where work did you stand up and fight
for you otherwise engaged if you wanna
know where someone is look to their acts
let's take a third exam and nasty now in
this election and a lot of folks who
want to talk about immigration wanna
talk about securing the borders I think
that's fabulous I think that's fabulous
that people are finally focused on the
reality that border security is national
security
but we had a battle in 2013 led by
Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer
and far too many establishment
republicans in washington and then on
the other side
millions of Americans rose up and said
no we don't want amnesty we want to
secure our borders and protect the
American people and we had incredible
heroes in warriors leading that battle
people like jeff Sessions and steve King
who stood heroically with the american
people and I was proud to be
shoulder-to-shoulder with jeff Sessions
and steve King leading the fight and
when it came time for the votes remember
by the way they push it through the
Senate and Republican leadership plan to
jam it through the house it was about to
pass it was going to happen the issue is
lost all of the reporters were listening
to the democrats crow triumph a
republican leadership would join with
all the Democrats to pass amnesty Obama
would sign it and the battle would be if
any candidate for president says he or
she really cares about immigration when
we're on the verge of losing the major
battle with the fight will be over if
this bill is signed into law and it's no
longer question of talking it's a choice
of where and I will say this anybody who
was AWOL from the battle on the gang of
eight has no standing as a candidate now
to say they will enforce the border
your actions speak louder than words and
they give a fourth issue a set of issues
that gave rise to the birth of the Tea
Party the combination of TARP the
stimulus and cronyism in washington
corporate welfare that is what I meant
to this incredible grassroots movement
of the Tea Party fed up with bailing out
Wall Street and ignoring Main Street in
the working men and women of this
country
my time in the senate I have been proud
to stand over and over and over again
with the american people fighting
against cronyism fighting against the
mandates fighting against bailouts no
bailouts for any bank period
no subsidies no mandates stop picking
winners and losers and let me say if
someone tells you they're Tea Party you
can't beat tea party and at the same
time have supported you can't be tea
party and at the same time have
supported Barack Obama's stimulus you
can't be cheap party and at the same
time support the ethanol mandate cos
it's good politics in iowa and support
the sugar subsidies cuz it's good
politics in Florida and support all of
the other corporate welfare and cronyism
so if you really want to know what kind
of president is someone gonna be are
they gonna take on the Washington cartel
it gonna take on the lobbyists you can
ask yourself the simple question where
do they stand on tarpon stimulus and
cronyism and corporate welfare and if
they weren't willing to take it on the
fights were being thought I can tell you
no one in history ever grew a backbone
after they got to 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue
let me give you a fifth time for choosy
and its marriage and religious liberty
last year the Supreme Court five
unelected judges issued a lawless
fundamentally illegitimate decision
reporting to tear down the marriage laws
of all fifty states when that decision
came down there was a time for choosing
for every where do you stand which side
of the line are you on by the way our
friends in the media they want us to
give up on this flight although they
celebrate your enlightened wisdom to
allow inst marriage the foundation of
the family from millennia from the very
beginning from a nominee to celebrate
tearing down marriage the media praises
you when you're selling lightness to
want to tear down the fundamental
building blocks of the family and
society that decision provided every
candidate with a choice and I'll tell
you quite a few of the candidates stand
on that debate stage stood up and said
the supreme court's decision is the
settled law of the land we need to
accept it
surrender and move on now those are
word-for-word Barack Obama's talking any
republican who responded to that
decision by saying it's the settled law
of the land move on we know for a fact
as president they will not defend
marriage they've told us that do not be
surprised how do you not get burned
again don't listen to the words listen
to what they've done if they've
surrendered the fight on marriage at the
outset they ain't gonna be there in the
future
and when it comes to the assault on
religious liberty our first Liberty the
very first right protected in the first
amendment of the Bill of Rights you
wanna know if someone will stand with
pastors someone will stand with rabbis
someone will stand with priests someone
will stand with you and me and protect
our fundamental right to seek out and
worship God Almighty with all of our
hearts minds and souls then don't listen
to their words on the campaign trail
asked when if you stood and fought
religiously talks cheap it's easy to say
it when hit you stood and fought to
defend the ten commandments to defend
the pledge of allegiance to defend
veterans memorials that honor the men
and women who gave their lives for this
country when the government comes and
subpoenas pastors as they did in my home
city of Houston he just stand with the
pastors
6 fight the sixth time for choosing that
matters is the battle over Planned
Parenthood remember the debate at the
Reagan Library or just about every
candidate looked in the TV camera and
gave an emotional speech about how
important it was to stop playin parent
in light of these horrific videos in
which they're caught on tape
essentially admitting to a pattern of
felonies illegally selling the body
parts of unborn children every candidate
just about said gosh this is terrible
just a few weeks later we had a
knock-down drag-out fight in
washingtonDC exactly this issue millions
of Americans rose up I I was part of
reaching out to a over a hundred
thousand protesters nationwide asking
the pastor to pray for this country to
light up the phone and call their
members of congress I was proud to stand
with millions of Americans saying enough
is enough
on Planned Parenthood and let me say
something of the other very fun
individuals on that debate stage none of
them were anywhere to be found that was
a moment can you imagine how different
that fight would have been if every
major presidential candidate had
descended on washington D C had stood in
unison said Mitch McConnell and John
Boehner don't send five hundred million
dollars of taxpayer funding to Planned
Parenthood
and there are candidates on that stage
that right now today say we should
continue to send taxpayer funds to
Planned Parenthood nobody should be
surprised if you get burned if you're
not willing to stand up when the fight
is happening you're not going to do
anything different if you ever get
elected and by the way anyone who says
the marriage decision is the settled all
the land
anyone who is afraid to stand up the
Planned Parenthood I'll tell you right
now every Supreme Court Justice they
name will be a disaster
are you fed up with republicans
nominating liberals to the Supreme Court
where you've got direct power of that
which is don't support anyone who's run
away from the fight on life and marriage
because if you're not willing to stand
and fight on life and marriage every
judge you put on the court is going to
be a disaster why because you're going
to curry favor with the new york times
instead of standing with the american
people and let me give you the seventh
and final time for choosing and it's the
battle over I ran the single greatest
national security threat facing around
facing this country is the threat of a
nuclear and we saw this week just how
profoundly dangerous it is after Iran
captures our ships after they attempt to
humiliate our sailors what is Barack
Obama do turns around and wants to give
the ayatollah khomeini a hundred and
fifty billion dollars I got an idea how
about we sell our ships 75 billion
apiece
this is shameful it is wrong I tell you
this if I'm elected president our
sailors will never be on their knees
a report that we heard black helicopters
any Islamic terror terrorist any Islamic
tyrants who attempts to capture us'
servicemen and women will face the full
force and fury of the United States of
America we will not bargain with
terrorists we will not negotiate with
terrorists we will not as Barack Obama
does apologize for terrorists instead if
you are a radical islamic militants and
I would note they are radical islamic
militants last I checked it wasn't a
bunch of Presbyterians who flew the
planes into the Twin Towers if you are a
militant anywhere on the face of the
planet and you go enjoy nice as you go
and wage jihad against the United States
of America and attempt to murder
americans you are signing your death
we've had a moment where this battle is
being fought on Iran asks of the
candidates running who is stepped
forward to lead stopping this Iranian
deal who is step forward to delve into
the details to understand what's going
on to understand what we need to do to
prevent the ayatollah khomeini from ever
getting a nuclear weapon if that fight
is not important for someone to step
forward in lead what fight will be
me tell you if I'm elected president on
the very first day I pledge to do things
number one receiver and every single
illegal and unconstitutional executive
action number to instruct the us-
Department of Justice to open an
investigation into Planned Parenthood
and prosecute any criminal violations
number three and struck the Department
of Justice and the IRS and every other
federal agency that the persecution of
religious liberty
ends today number for ripped to shreds
this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
and number five
begin the process of moving the american
embassy in Israel to jerusalem the once
an internal capital of Israel
for every one of us that agrees stakes
have never been higher and for every one
of us that raised her hands and said
we've been burned before by politicians
who made promises and haven't done it
how can you know that I will follow
through on those promises on the first
day in office and every day afterwards
as the scripture has said you shall know
them by their fruits
in any candidate on that stage a matter
how much you might like them when
they're campaigning if they haven't
stood and fought at those seven times
for choosing if they haven't been
willing to stand and lead you can know
to an absolute fact they wouldn't do so
as president I've if we want to see
another John Boehner in the white house
and we shouldn't look to people's
records we should listen to what they
say but if we can't get burned again we
should ignore all the campaign rhetoric
from everyone and simply say who's been
walking look who's demonstrated through
action where they stand
I wanna give you one final word of
encouraged I've said many many times I
think today
2016 is very very much like 1980 the
parallels between Barack Obama and Jimmy
Carter are on it took jimmy carter to
give us ronald reagan and I'm convinced
the most long lasting legacy of Barack
Obama's gonna be a new generation of
leaders in the republican party that
stands for the constitution that stand
for freedom and that stand with the
people thank you and god bless you

they say first of all my good friend
jeff Sessions thank you for the very
very kind introduction and I want to say
to the men and women of Alabama for
sending this principled conservative
patriot who
shoulder-to-shoulder with fight after
fight after fight where all the money
all the power in washington was
arraigned on one side and a handful of
conservatism or stand with the working
men and women of this country on the
other side and I'll tell you when you're
standing with the people you want to win
and side table of Alabama washingtonDC
so it can america
Tuesday why we have such a dynamic
talented candidates for president

72 hours they'll move on to an investor
will see millions of dollars in attack
ads but all that time has past this is
now the time for the men and women in
this room this is the time to make a
decision a decision that frankly the
whole country is looking to you and
counting on you to make everyone here
has not ever get the chance and that he
is a candidate and make a determination
telling the truth how many people here
then burned over and over again she
campaigned for the service people come
out a coffee break a leg we see it over
and over
know every day
ago
Times Online
foundational principle is a ride along
with everything else feel that every
goal in life is a precious gift from God
case the appeal the Court of Appeal and
we want to plan now to life matters what
is your rap over 60 years of his life
support it
partial-birth abortion we should not be
surprised his marriage and religious
absolutely lawless
52 judges do create the power is now a
bad time to decide where candidates in
this race day
Supreme Court's decision is settled law
of the land we surrender we accept it
Google were republican presidential
candidate
read the exact same talking points
owner to stand and fight for marriage
for decades
crowds
legal and constitutional
chief says never let me go away and he
didn't hard drives a law and said let
the second amended a wonderful day but
that he was still runs this is a
fundamental protection he got it right
because everyone of us has the right if
anyone comes into our own seeks to harm
our family harm our children is a
fundamental right
was voted down
no history
discoveries and any
Iranian nuclear dealings hand place
comply and maybe go to believe that does
not understand the nature of the
ayatollah khamenei
share data to America for an American
flag
somebody tells you they want to kill you
believe elected president to shred
terrain
determination that is who is best
prepared to be a man who has the
experience and knowledge understanding
with clarity of vision strength and
resolve to identify alleged president we
will not be greatly will weaken we will
completely destroyed
all right now where they don't listen to
the campaign rhetoric instead local
turnarounds and which because he tells
me but because he's been doing it over
and over and over
braces
and that I tell ya so happened at home
town meeting was watching
and she said it she said when his
daughter was more now
because it wa gwan millions of people
get all of our employees get all those
days off a disability as the government
expenditures are saying people get jobs
that pay taxes government revenues go up
as a dull when he returned and by the
way we give
major legislative initiatives I'm
running late or repealing Obamacare and
a simple flat tax
Middle East countries not brought over
here and wait
Karis Caine is right they brought in
1801 and used that same night terrors
plenty to the leaders of the Islamist
are a great and we had a president who
will stand up and I will be changed this
country and keep everything
president any individual who live here
Facebook who wrongly shared with that
title will be held accountable it will
be terminated violated the law
he will reduce unbelievable economic
growth that enable us to rebuild
military and economic growth with that
little military and his
commander-in-chief we won the cold war
and bankruptcy don't do the exact same
thing
now
patient every year politicians each and
every and there is a more important
down-regulated that all the orifice and
that it will call a little hard blend
wall where it is functionally legal to
sell gasoline with higher land they
received the consequence of that without
it would mean and retailers who sell
Nike 2500 acres and sell cars here with
any cute little fellows right now
Europe South America they have cars they
have the engine of the USB WLAN how well
you know about a week ago we were doing
another one of the joys
balloting David day more than half of
the other plans he lays entire life with
his entire video from the ethanol
industry there is no one in the state of
bottlenose for about it all day to day
has a little itty yet resulted in
increasing share of marketplace by six
she is a massive thing right now is your
sis blame all hold down spending as part
of that whole big and by the way this
year doesn't come from washington is
simply a regulation and alone at all of
our homes
seven days
tired so why not make sure they come we
will win and say
was resting on the very real income
promise from the World God we have faith
we have done we do thank

it took over a hundred thousand dollars
in school loans loans
I suspect a lot of y'all can relate
loans that I'll point out I just paid
off a few years ago the
these are all of our stories
these are home we r as america and yet
for so many americans
the promise america
seems more and more distant what is the
promise of america
the idea that the revolutionary idea
this country was founded upon which is
that are right
they don't come from an they come from
God Almighty
the
and that's the purpose of the
Constitution at thomas jefferson put it
is to service change to bind the
mischief government
the incredible opportunity up the
American dream
what has enabled millions of people from
all over the world
to come to America with nothing and to
achieve
any and then the American exceptionalism
that has made this nation
a clarion voice for freedom in the world
a shining city on a hill that's the
promise of america
that is what makes this nation an
indispensable nation a unique
nation in the history of the world and
yet so many
fear that that promises today on
attainable
so many fear it is slipping away from
our hands i wanna talk to you
this morning about reignited
the promise of america
240 years ago on this very day
a 38-year-old lawyer
name Patrick Henry stood up just a
hundred miles from here in Richmond
Virginia
and
said give me liberty or give me death
the
I wanna featured you to imagine
imagine millions of courageous
conservative
all across America riding up together
say in unison we
demand our liberty
today roughly half a born-again
Christians
art voted
they're staying home imagine instead
millions the people of faith all across
America
coming out to the polls and voting are
bound
today millions of young people
are scared worried about the future
worried what the future will hold
imagine millions of young people coming
together
and standing together saying we will see
and
for liberty the think
just how different the world would be
imagine instead of economic stagnation
Bumi economic growth instead
small businesses going out of business
in record numbers imagine
small business is growing and prospering
imagine young people
coming out this whole with 45 6 job of
the
imagine innovation driving on the
internet is government regulators and
tax collectors are kept at bay
and more and more opportunity is create
the
imagine america
finally becoming energy self-sufficient
as millions and millions of high-paying
jobs are created five years ago today
the president signed Obamacare in the
law
within hours Liberty University went to
court filing a lawsuit to stop that
failed
the
instead the jobless
instead the millions 4
part-time work instead the millions who
lost their health insurance
lost their doctors have faith
skyrocketing health-insurance premiums
imagine in 2017
a new president signing legislation
repealing
every word about Obamacare the
imagine health care reform that keeps
the government
out a way between you and your doctor
and that make health insurance
personal and portable an affordable the
instead about tax code
that crushed his innovation
that imposes
burdens on families struggling to make
ends meet
imagine a
simple flat tax the
that led every American fill out his or
her taxes on a postcard
imagine abolishing the IRS
the
instead of the lawlessness and the
president's unconstitutional executive
amnesty
a match in a pregnant said
finally finally finally secures the
borders
the
can imagine a legal immigration system
that
welcomes in celebrates those who come to
achieve the American dream
the
instead of a federal government that
wages an assault on our religious
liberty that goes after Hobby Lobby that
goes after the Little Sisters of the
Poor
that goes after Liberty University a
match in a federal government that
stands for the first amendment right to
every American the
instead of the federal government that
works too
undermine our values imagine a federal
government that works to defend the
sanctity of human life
the
and fill up hold sacrament of marriage
the
instead the government that works too
undermine our 2nd Amendment rights but
thank him a Banar ammunition
the
imagine a federal government that
protect the right to keep and bear arms
a ball of body hair
it took over a hundred thousand dollars
in school loans loans
I suspect a lot of y'all can relate
loans that I'll point out I just paid
off a few years ago
these are all of our stories these are
home we r
as america and yet for so many americans
the promise of America
seems more and more distant what is the
promise of america
the idea that the revolutionary idea
this country was founded upon which is
that are right
they don't come from an they come from
God Almighty
the
and that's the purpose of the
Constitution at thomas jefferson put it
is to service change to bind the
mischief government
be incredible opportunity up the
American dream
what has enabled millions of people from
all over the world
to come to America with nothing and you
achieve any
and then the American exceptionalism
that has made this nation
a clarion voice for freedom in the world
a shining city on a hill that's the
promise of america
that is what makes this nation an
indispensable nation a unique
nation in the history of the world and
yet so many
fear that that promises today on
attainable
so many fear it is slipping away from
our hands i wanna talk to you
this morning about reignited
the promise of america
240 years ago on this very day
a 38-year-old lawyer
name Patrick Henry the stood up just a
hundred miles from here in Richmond
Virginia
and
said give me liberty or give me death
the
I wanna feature view to a mansion
imagine millions up courageous
conservative
all across America riding up together
say in unison we
demand our liberty
today roughly half a born-again
Christian art voted
they're staying home imagine instead
millions of people of faith all across
America
coming out to the polls and voting are
bound us
today millions of young people are
scared worried about the future worried
what the future will hold
imagine millions of young people coming
together
and standing together saying we will see
and
for liberty the think
just how different the world would be
imagine instead of economic stagnation
Bumi economic growth instead
small businesses going out of business
in record numbers imagine
small business is growing and prospering
imagine young people
coming out this whole with 45 6 job of
the
imagine innovation driving on the
internet is government regulators and
tax collectors are kept at bay
and more and more opportunity is created
the imagine america
finally becoming energy self-sufficient
as millions and millions of high-paying
jobs are created five years ago today
the president's signed Obamacare in the
law
within hours Liberty University went to
court filing a lawsuit to stop that
failed
the
instead the jobless
instead the millions for
part-time work instead the millions who
lost their health insurance
lost their doctors have faith
skyrocketing health-insurance premiums
imagine in 2017
a new president signing legislation
repealing
every word about Obamacare the
imagine health care reform that keeps
the government
out a way between you and your doctor
and that make health insurance
personal and portable an affordable the
instead about tax code that crushed his
innovation
that imposes
burdens on families struggling to make
ends meet
imagine a simple flat tax the
that lets every American fill out his or
her taxes on a postcard
imagine abolishing the IRS
the
instead of the lawlessness and the
president's unconstitutional executive
amnesty
a match in a pregnant said
finally finally finally secures the
borders
the
can imagine a legal immigration system
that
welcomes them celebrate those who come
to achieve the American dream
the
instead of a federal government that
wages an assault on our
it took over a hundred thousand dollars
in school loans loans
I suspect a lot of y'all can relate
loans that I'll point out I just paid
off a few years ago
these are all of our stories
these are home we r as america and yet
for so many americans
the promise of America
seems more and more distant what is the
promise of america
the idea that the revolutionary idea
that this country was founded upon which
is that are right
they don't come from an they come from
God Almighty
the
and that's the purpose of the
Constitution at thomas jefferson put it
is to service change to bind the
mischief government
be incredible opportunity up the
American dream
what has enabled millions of people from
all over the world
to come to America with nothing and to
achieve
any and then the American exceptionalism
that has made this nation
a clarion voice for freedom in the world
a shining city on a hill that's the
promise of america
that is what makes this nation an
indispensable nation a unique
nation in the history of the world and
yet so many
fear that that promises today on
attainable
so many fear it is slipping away from
our hands i wanna talk to you
this morning about reignited
the promise of america
240 years ago on this very day
a 38-year-old lawyer
name Patrick Henry the stood up just a
hundred miles from here in Richmond
Virginia
and
said give me liberty or give me death
the
I wanna featured view to a mansion
imagine millions of courageous
conservative
all across America riding up together
say in unison we
demand our liberty
today roughly half a born-again
Christian art voted
they're staying home imagine instead
millions of people obey
all across America coming out to the
polls
and voting are bound today
millions of young people are scared
worried about the future worried what
the future will hold
imagine millions of young people coming
together
and standing together saying we will see
and for liberty the think
just how different the world would be
imagine instead of economic stagnation
Bumi economic growth instead
small businesses going out of business
in record numbers imagine
small business is growing and prospering
imagine young people
coming out this whole with 45 6 job of
the
imagine innovation thriving on the
internet is government regulators and
tax collectors are kept at bay
and more and more opportunity is created
the imagine america
finally becoming energy self-sufficient
as millions and millions of high-paying
jobs are created five years ago today
the president's signed Obamacare in the
law
within hours Liberty University went to
court filing a lawsuit to stop that
failed
the
instead the jobless
instead the millions for
part-time work instead the millions who
lost their health insurance
lost their doctors had faith
skyrocketing health-insurance premiums
imagine in 2017
a new president signing legislation
repealing
every word about Obamacare the
imagine health care reform that keeps
the government
out a way between you and your doctor
and that make health insurance personal
and portable an affordable the
instead about tax code that crushes
innovation
that imposes
burdens on families struggling to make
ends meet
imagine a
simple flat the
that lets every American fill out his or
her taxes on a postcard
imagine abolishing the IRS
the
instead of the lawlessness and the
president's unconstitutional executive
amnesty
a match in a pregnant said
finally finally finally secures the
borders
the the
can imagine a legal immigration system
that
welcomes them celebrate both

the great state of Iowa
thank you so much for the very very kind
introduction it is great to be with so
many friends here today
you know man was driving along a country
road and he spots a little boy on the
side of the road with a box of kittens
and a sign that says free kittens
they're democrats
man thinks that kinda strange keeps on
driving few days later is coming along
the same country road sees the same
little boy same box of kittens but this
time a sign that says free kittens there
republicans a man thinks that's the
strangest thing I've ever seen he pulls
up on the side of the road he comes up
to me says son I don't understand I
drove by here a few days ago you said
these kids were democrats now they're
republicans little boy looks at amigos
will mister how their eyes are open
and let me tell you in recent weeks we
have seen over and over again how the
left has their eyes close to the
realities the dangers of this world and
I'll tell you what FreedomWorks is doing
everyday what is happening all across
this country is people are waking up and
they're open up their eyes and they're
saying this doesn't make any sense
i wanna talk to you today about liberty
and security in an age of terror you
know for seven years we have seen both
liberty and security going away and the
Obama administration there many in the
media that tell us there's a tradeoff
you can either have liberty or security
will endure President Obama we get
neither under President Obama the
federal government is targeting the
liberty of individual law-abiding
citizens and at the same time it's not
standing up to our enemies and what the
Obama administration gets wrong as it
has a hard time distinguishing between
good guys and bad
the Obama administration's approach is
to go after the constitutional rights of
law-abiding citizens and at the same
time fail to go after the terrorists
let me tell you our liberties are a
critical part of why we are safe we are
secure because we can speak out and
because we are armed
today peggy noonan has a fantastic
column in The Wall Street Journal
calling on people to speak out for the
first amendment calling against liberals
who have assaulted the first amendment
the democrats in the senate last year
introduced a constitutional amendment to
repeal the free speech protections of
the First Amendment you know we've seen
the neighbors of the San Bernardino
terrorists who said I suspected
something I thought something was wrong
when I didn't want to say it because it
wasn't politically correct
we see on college campuses and
universities the speech police telling
people you can't speak unless it is
sanitized let me tell you something if
this administration funds the nation of
Iran getting a nuclear weapon and they
set off a mushroom cloud that's a pretty
big micro aggression
we see Loretta Lynch the Attorney
General promising in the wake of this
terrorist attack that she come out and
say we're going to track down the
terrorists and killed them know she says
the Department of Justice will prosecute
anyone that has the temerity to stand up
and speak against radical Islamic
terrorism and let me tell you right now
radical Islamic terrorism is evil
mister president there is not a moral
equivalence between radical islamic
terrorists and Christians and Jews and
up from day one of murdering whose those
who they consider infidels the other
preach love and forgiveness and standing
together as one humanity and let me say
beyond that in the United States we will
not enforce Sharia law
attorney general if you want to come for
executing my first amendment rights come
and get me I'm right here
and then we look at religious liberty in
the wake of the attack in San Bernardino
I and many other leaders expressed our
prayers for the families of those who
emerged of those who were wounded New
York Daily News ran a front-page story
repeating my tweet now set aside for a
second it's a little surreal to see your
tweets on the front page of a newspaper
I guess that is the definition of a slow
news day but repeating my queen and
those of others and the news on the
cover of the new york daily news is we
don't need your prayers
they've invented a new term for that
they call it now
player shaming well let me tell the
democrats let me tell the mainstream
media although I repeat myself
there has never been a time in the
history of this country when we needed
prior more
the very first right protected in the
First Amendment and the Bill of Rights
is religious liberty
the right of every single one of us to
seek out and worship the Lord God
Almighty with all of our hearts minds
and soul
President Obama back in 2008 was caught
the rather candid video where he
described those of us not on the heat
the left coast not on the east coast as
bitter and angry and clinging to our God
and our guns well let me tell you we're
not better but we're getting pretty
angry
and president of God or guns
and then there's the second amendment
yesterday here in iowa we announced our
national Second Amendment coalition over
23,000 Patriots across this country
standing for the second amendment now
the media immediately sniffed it was
insensitive to talk about the second
amendment after the San Bernardino
terrorist attack and they tell you
something I don't view it as my job to
be sensitive to Islamic terrorists
the left immediate reaction to radical
islamic terrorists like kittens with
their eyes closed
is not to go after the bad guys but
immediately to try to seize the guns of
law-abiding citizens the New York Times
on the front page as an editorial saying
what we need to do is finally in the
epidemic of private gun ownership in
america
let me tell the editors of the time
something you don't stop the bad guys by
taking away our guns you stop the bad
guys by using our guns
it is in an era of radical Islamic
terrorism that the Second Amendment is
more important because listen it is not
about hunting not about targeting those
are both great fun but that's not what
the Second Amendment is about the Second
Amendment is about about the god-given
right of every American to protect your
home and your life and your children and
your family
and it is fundamentally as our framers
told us a check on government tyranny
and then let's talk about security just
like the federal government goes after
law-abiding citizens they fail to
identify and target the real enemies
back six years ago the Fort Hood
shooting Nadal his son communicated with
Anwar al-awlaki and known radical
islamic terrorists inquired about lelaki
about the permissibility of waging jihad
against his fellow soldiers the Obama
administration knew all of this and they
did nothing they did not prevent that
terrorist attack because it would be
politically incorrect let me tell you if
anyone contacts that radical Islamic
cleric and ask is it permissible for me
to murder others the federal government
should step in and stop that terror
attack before they kill 14 and install
you look at in Boston the Boston bombing
the Sarnia brothers we knew they were
radical islamic terrorists the FBI when
interviewed them but then they dropped
the ball they stopped paying attention
to the elder brother posted on YouTube I
called you and yet the government it
stopped paying attention and they
carried out a terror attack look you
need to complicated surveillance you
needed someone paying attention to
YouTube
and you look at San Bernardino what do
we know about this couple we know that
the man the jihadist there ran in the
circles with worry encountered multiple
people on terrorist watch list he flew
to the Middle East we know that his wife
came into this country on a fiancee visa
by the way the exact same visa venting
that the Obama administration promises
us will keep us safe from terrorists
among Syrian refugees we know that she
put on her visa application a
non-existent address which the Obama
administration didn't bother to notice
and we know that the female jihad it
contacted Isis and publicly using social
media proclaimed her allegiance to Isis
how about the federal government the
Obama administration spend less time
trying to read your and my emails and
phone calls and more time stopping
radical islamic terrorists
elected president we will defeat radical
islamic terrorists
no longer will we have a president who
insist the Islamic state is an islamic
that's just naughty there's a reason it
isn't called the presbyterians state
instead we will have a president who
will make clear we will utterly destroy
Isis
we will carpet bomb them into oblivion
glow-in-the-dark but we're gonna find
out and we are gonna make abundantly
clear to any militant on the face of the
planet if you go enjoy nice is it you
wage jihad against the United States of
America and tried to murder innocent
Americans you were signing your death
in recent weeks President Obama traveled
abroad he said he doesn't believe in
american leadership and he doesn't
believe in America winning he doesn't
have time for that I gotta say FDR and
JFK and ronald reagan must have been
spinning in their graves to hear an
american president say he doesn't
believe in american leadership for
america winning all I can tell you my
philosophy on radical Islamic terrorism
to borrow a page from ronald reagan in
the cold war is very very simple we win
they lose thank you
I'm not gonna stop the applause
now senator cruises that on my radio
program many times and i've asked him
many questions as I've asked many
questions of many of the people here but
the next question is not for me or even
the audience it's from a guy who ran a
pretty good campaign and I think we all
admire former presidential candidate and
wisconsin Governor Scott Walker here
like Iowa discuss this heavily dependent
on manufacturing and agricultural jobs
sadly the Obama administration's EPA put
in place new regulations that will cost
tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs
and their shoes you've cost for the
question as simple as president what
will you do make federal rating agencies
more responsible reasonable farmers and
manufacturers to great question and a
very important question for seven years
the federal government has been at war
with farmers with ranchers with small
businesses and we've been trapped in
stagnation I'm reminded of several years
ago I was in West Texas I ask folks
there I said what's the difference
between regulators and Locust
I said well the thing is you can't use
pesticide on the regulators and it's all
West Texas farmer he leaned back said
wanna bet we need a president who stands
with farmers and ranchers and small
businesses against the locus descending
from washington if I am elected
president we will go after the EPA we
will repeal the waters of the United
States rule which tries to give the
federal government control of 97% of the
farm land and land in the state of Iowa
we will repeal Obamacare
we will repeal the death tax
we will adopt a simple flat tax
we will abolish the IRS
Iranian the regulators you need a
president willing to take on the
bureaucratic state you know what Barack
Obama has done that is wrong with
executive power the good point but he
has intruded into the article one
lawmaking authority of Congress under
the constitution the president can't
make the law changed the law or ignore
the law not pledge on my first day in
office to risks and every single illegal
and unconstitutional executive AK
but under Article pilita constitution
the president has robust authority to
execute the laws and we have never once
seen a president willing to take on the
regulatory state here is the sad pattern
when democrats are in office regulations
grow exponentially when Republicans are
in office regulations still grow just a
little more slowly as a cynical friend
of mine suggested once we should make a
bumper sticker republicans we waste less
we have never seen a president willing
to use the full article to executive
power of the presidency to go after the
regulatory state to fire regulators to
repeal regulations and I give you my
word today if I'm elected president but
compromise if and when it will not be
the case that regulations will have
grown more slowly but it will be the
case that by the end of that ten-year
the body of federal regulations will be
materially smaller and human liberty an
equal amount larger as the format goes
the first questions on video to second
questions in person so the second
question is gonna be asked by congress
or dried blood blocking the 1st district
senator crews here instead of figures
questions out myself I did something I
thought was much better when two people
smarter than I my constituents his first
questions from Tim Byrdak genuine
stand-up
hello jim's a farmer in northeast Iowa
raises hog farms over a thousand acres
question to use this to a lot of iowans
it seems that Washington DC's completely
incapable of fixing our country's
addiction to spending and debt we just
don't feel like politicians are actually
serious about fixing this problem
everyone talks about it but no one does
anything what specifically will your
administration due to put America back
on the path to fiscal responsibility and
rain in the unseasonable unsustainable
spending before we run out of time
the outset I want to thank the men and
women of Iowa for sending Ron Blum to
fight for you and conquer your rod is a
warrior for liberty and the Washington
cartel despises this man
there is the reason that both rod and I
need food tasters in the members' dining
room so I appreciate having an ally who
will stand for fiscal responsibility and
stand against the bipartisan corruption
of Washington and ron is a ferocious and
very effective and your question is very
very important we have out of control
spending in washington the biggest thing
that will turn around the debt is
economic growth you look at our federal
balance sheet that's the only
first-order variable that's why my top
two legislative priorities or repealing
Obamacare and a simple flat tax
because economic growth transformed
everything else but when it comes to
reining in spending you've also got to
be willing to take on the Washington
cartel the term I use for the career
politicians in both parties that get in
bed with the lobbyists and special
interests and grow and grow and grow
government now I've rolled out a
detailed spending cutting plan of over
500 billion dollars as specific cuts
that we need to make about line 58
agencies we should abolish the
Department of Education Department of
Commerce
the Department of Energy hard
and they are
and beyond that about line 25 specific
programs nine will make a confession and
at the last debate I listed the five
departments for the agencies and I
screwed up I left out education and I
listed commerce twice so immediately all
the folks in the media they were
laughing up another Republican forgot it
so I went to megan kelly afterwards I
said listen there's so much cronyism at
the Department of Commerce we need to
abolish it twice
strong balance budget we need to pass
term limits
fundamental entitlement reform to
strengthen and preserve Social Security
and Medicare and you've got it in the
culture of corporate welfare and
handouts and cronyism and giveaways that
has corrupted washingtonDC make a final
point on that you know everyone on that
republican presidential debate stage
they talk about standing up to
washington they talk about standing up
to cloning us but the natural follow-up
question that I think the voters are
asking is ok well who actually has stood
up to washington
has taken on not just democrats but
leaders in our own party
and I'll tell you two very simple
principles the first description you
shall know them by their fruits and the
second is from human powers of
observation nobody nobody nobody ever
arrived at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and
then grew a backbone
thank you very much congressman are
right we have a third question this one
back to being on tape and the debate on
this network is a little rough but there
is a shining star there
CNBC's Larry Kudlow in recession on
inauguration day and we've had the
slowest most tepid recovery since World
War two
what three steps would you immediately
proposed in your first week and trivia
question as I said the first thing I
will do an officer's wrist and
everything illegal and unconstitutional
executive amnesty
in addition to that I will repeal the
waters of the United States rule
in addition to that I will approve the
Keystone pipeline
in addition to that I will authorize the
export of crude oil
in addition to that I will open up the
export of liquid natural gas in addition
to that I will take on the EPA's blend
wall that is preventing ethanol and
biofuels from having a larger share of
the market place in addition to that I
will repeal the congressional exemption
from Obamacare and we will
systematically go through the fact
federal regulatory body for the federal
rules that are strangling jobs and
economic growth and we will remove the
barriers to unchain small businesses and
farmers and ranchers
you know you need a president willing to
take on the regulatory stated an easy
now we all know that President Obama has
abused executive power but there's a
silver lining to that everything done
with the executive power can be undone
with executive power
and you know every republican candidate
promises to take on regulation but
inevitably when they get to washington
they don't do it and they don't do it
because the cartel fights back in memory
back the beginning of the George W Bush
administration first couple of weeks
they rescinded a regulation on arsenic
and immediately the front page of the
newspapers all the TV news programs said
bush want our kids to drink arsenic and
they pounded a living daylights out of
the administration the intended effect
was to say don't mess with the
regulatory state don't resend don't pull
back at you one way ratchet where
government power gets bigger and bigger
and bigger if your gonna change that
you've got to have the political will to
stand up and take the beating from the
media
that's the only way to turn around you
gotta have the political courage to have
a strategic legal plan to stand up and
fire bureaucrats
to travel for example to Foggy Bottom
minitel the career foreign service at
the state department if you have a
different foreign policy if you disagree
with the foreign policy the president
United States you're welcome to find
other employment you know I have jokes
there is one government agency I would
consider expanding dramatically and that
is our embassy in Iceland we may well
need about 10,000 people there because
if you transferred ten thousand
bureaucrats Iceland it would have a
powerful clarifying effect across the
federal government
and I tell you a very important message
for congressional leadership to hear
both Republicans and Democrats is if you
passed legislation filled with corporate
welfare filled with poor if you pass
legislation like the senate just did
this week
reauthorizing the export import bank if
you behave like you're working for the
corporate lobbyists in Washington
instead of for the american people I
will veto that legislation the final
point to make is this
listen breaking the Washington cartel
isn't easy
they fight hard when I say we should
repeal Obamacare and abolish the IRS I'm
not remotely naive or pollyannish I
don't think that's easy I know that we
couldn't do that in the current congress
the only way to do it
think back to the last time we broke the
Washington cartel he was 1980 the reagan
revolution where Reagan took the case to
the people and just like the men and
women gathered here today
the reagan revolution arose from the
grassroots
its weapons across this country and it
transformed this country how do you
change it
you change the incentives in washington
you know there's an old joke that
politics is Hollywood for ugly people
my wife says I resemble that remark how
do you change it let's go back to 1981
1981 tip o'neill the democratic Speaker
of the House told ronald reagan don't
send your tax cut plan to me it's dead
on arrival
I've got twenty Democrats to kill it now
reagan decrying his beer he didn't go
sit down and pal around with tip o'neill
and buy me a drink he took the case to
the american people he took the case to
the american people that Reagan
Revolution rose up and phone call after
phone call after phone call came in and
suddenly all of these democratic members
of congress who had been knows said holy
cow if I stand in the way of this
they're gonna throw me an office I'm
gonna have to get an honest and 20 votes
became 19 becoming she became 17 became
the largest tax cut in the history of
this country
how do you enact fundamental reform I
intend to make the 2016 election a
referendum on repealing Obamacare and
adopting a simple flat tax to abolish
the IRS
and if we come out in November 2016 with
a mandate from the people that's how we
get it done the only thing strong enough
is we the people united as the men and
women in this room standing up and
leading and let me say Iowa's starts
this process Iowa has a bullhorn and
Anna pedestal to speak to the nation and
I am so grateful for the passion for the
principle for the commitment to liberty
in the constitution of the men and women
in this room you are changing America
and I'm proud to be standing with

creative thinking and energy energy that
I believe is needed to change the
direction of this country it's also
particularly fitting that we're here
today and in just a few months we will
be celebrating the 30th anniversary of
one of ronald reagan's most important
speeches a speech that he gave right
here at this institution initiating an
endowment drive that led to so much good
in reagan's times in a row at that
speech reagan discuss the present
challenges including the threat of
terrorism and in particular he talked
about the corrective that the USAir
force had just sent to colonel qaddafi
in libya encouraging him to give up
terrorism the corrective came in the
form of the military jet and a bomb down
his front porch but I especially like
president reagan's description of how
one of his most famous appointees UN
ambassador jeane kirkpatrick once
explained to the rest of the world what
it meant to have conservatives in charge
of foreign policy first he talked about
the US government's approach towards
terrorism quote donation friend or foe
a liar adversary should be surprised by
the events of last week he said of the
recent and deliberate bombing his
actions made clear his determination to
protect American lives in the world from
terrorism and then he singled out
ambassador kirkpatrick and yet even at
the start of the administration people
like jean kirkpatrick we're offering
some pretty broad hints that things will
be different
how the reagan administration change
american foreign policy she was asked to
1981 at the united nations she answered
correctly she said well we've
taken down our kick me sign and someone
said well does this mean that if the
united states has kicked it will
kickback not necessarily she said but it
does mean we won't apologize
well we haven't been apologizing things
are different and perhaps you've noticed
I know colonel qaddafi has that was
reagan here at Heritage thirty years ago
challenges that ronald reagan and jean
kirkpatrick faced in their times were
daunting first and foremost the threat
of Soviet Communist a threat that many
in america thought could not be beaten
we were told that an almost daily basis
by elected officials by academics by
those in the media but with a focus a
determination and an unshakable belief
in the greatness of our exceptional
nation President Reagan won the cold war
today we're once again facing
challenging times both at home and
abroad again we face an aggressive enemy
whose goal is nothing less than the
eradication of our very way of life and
there are many in this country who fear
once again that we cannot defeat this
enemy that even speak its name labels us
bigots it reminds me of that line from
the movie the usual suspect the greatest
trick the devil ever played was to
convince the world he didn't exist it
seems when it comes to President Obama
and Hillary Clinton radical Islamic
terrorism is something that just doesn't
exist but the rest of us living on terra
firma living in the real world are aware
that it is real it is growing and it is
profoundly dangerous what America needs
today as a moment
clearing our enemy as radical Islamic
terrorism and this is an enemy that can
and will be defeated as we enter the
final year of the Obama administration
for all that there is indeed a god
there is little hope that this president
will rise to the challenge and a much
greater likelihood that his successor
will be dealing with an even more
dangerous world and what we face today
issues will demand the attention of our
next president keeping America safe at
home and strong abroad ensuring both
should be the basic responsibility in
the first priority of any
commander-in-chief the recent terrorist
attacks on Paris and San Bernardino
abroad front-and-center the issue of
radical Islamic terrorism but the fact
of the matter is that the problem has
been festering unattended for the entire
Obama administration of President Obama
however such issues are peripheral at
best to ask or progressive agenda an
agenda that a pieces are enemies before
actually defending the national security
interests of our great country while the
president and his secretaries of state
have chosen to ignore the problem and to
recede from global leadership terrorist
groups like I system mobilize and
carried out a string of deadly attacks
around the globe it is worth noting that
the attack on San Bernardino has been
called the deadliest terror attack on
USS Doyle 2009 11:14 innocent lives
murdered that depiction is actually
incorrect we've had one other terror
attack on you on us' soil that took 49
lives and it occurred in my home state
of Texas at Fort Hood on November 9th
2009 that likewise claimed 14 lives the
little aspect victim the unborn baby
a private Francesca Valdez was brutally
murdered along with her mother as Nadal
Hasan shouted a little haha
far the Obama administration responded
to this unspeakable terrorist attack by
labeling it workplace violence one of
the things I'm most proud of my tenure
in the senate is introducing legislation
in the Senate Armed Services Committee
to mandate that the victims of the Fort
Hood shooting received the Purple Heart
and against the active opposition of the
Obama pentagon I was very pleased to
earn the support of both Democrats and
Republicans on the armed services
committee we pass that legislation into
law in December and April this year
finally the purple heart was awarded to
those victims of terrors
whether it's Fort Hood San Bernardino or
a number of others tragically in between
from Little Rock to Boston to garland to
Chattanooga President Obama's approach
has been to treat each one and isolation
the administration has called the
perpetrators lone wolves not to be
associated with formal groups like
al-qaida
crisis because they didn't receive
direct orders from them they investigate
any suspects but they ignore the reality
that our nation is under attack what
America needs today just as we need in
the late nineteen seventies is first a
form firm resolve to always protect
Americans freedom here at home
freedom that has made this the greatest
nation on the face of the planet but
secondly need moral clarity that starts
with defining the enemy and third we
restore america's leadership in the
world through a position of strength
how do we do that first we protect
Americans freedoms here at home
Americans no longer feel safe in their
schools their workplaces their cities it
should not be the new standard this is
not the new normal I do not have to
precious little girls Caroline and
Catherine their seven and five every
time I pick them up every time I hold
him in my arms I want them to be
confident that they are protected and
far from any everything home and a safe
America starts with a secure America it
is beyond time now to secure our border
when terrorists can simply swim across
the Rio Grande we are daring them to
make this journey when forty percent of
a legal
immigration in our country comes from
visa overstays we are inviting evil
actors two-game our system as was the
case with one of the 911 hijackers and
when we are opening up our country's to
thousands of refugees from regions
filled with terrorists Paris with the
express intent to kill us our
immigration policy ceases to be merely
an economic or social ques border
security is national security we need a
president with the political will to
secure the border once and for all and I
have outlined a detailed immigration
plan to do just that it includes finally
completing all hundred seven-month all
seven hundred miles of the wall mandated
by federal law that the Obama
administration refuses to built tripling
the Border Patrol increasing four-fold
the fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft
to monitor the border and direct boots
on the ground where attempted to
curtains occurring finishing the
biometric exit entry system for our
visas again
mandated by federal law again ignored by
the Obama administration and putting in
place a strong e-verify system it
includes deporting criminal illegal
aliens it includes ending welfare
benefits for those here illegally and
includes ending the indefensible
practice of catch-and-release have also
introduced legislation in the Senate to
halt our refugee program from those
coming from terror ridden countries in
Syria in particular there is no question
that the humanitarian disaster is
horrific millions of people have been
displaced by the savage violence
millions are now living in camps that
place severe strain on the resources of
our allies and it's natural that out of
our generosity we want to help
stop that misery and while the United
States has been the largest donor to the
refugee caused by a factor of 10 getting
1.2 billion dollars of taxpayer funds
ten times what any other nation has
contributed we cannot make the mistake
of extending the same generosity to the
extended imperiling the safety and
security of american citizens the first
obligation of the commander-in-chief is
to protect the safety and security of
the United States of America to recent
episodes make clear the need for more
vigilance the first is the paris attacks
which took one hundred and twenty lives
we now know that one of the bombers had
arrived in France under the guise of
being a refugee it only takes one in a
sea of millions to destroy our safety
and to take unknown numbers of innocent
lives the second instances fresh in the
minds and hearts of people across our
country just over a week ago a Muslim
couple who had pledged their support to
Isis murdered fourteen americans in San
Bernardino the woman Ashley Malik came
to this country on the fiancee visa
application should have set up any
number of red flags including a fake
address and Pakistan but should have
been fairly simple to track down but
they went unnoticed yesterday FBI
director James coming testified to
Congress that the two terrorists had
been contact in contact online before
she came to the country and it discussed
martyrdom and jihad this appears not to
be a love story between two young pious
Muslims but rather the deliberate
infiltration by an enemy
America who came here to plot and carry
out a terrorist attack on our citizens
this must stop now I will also know
there are some on both the right and the
left who want to exploit the current
crisis by calling on Americans to
surrender our constitutional liberties
as the only way to ensure our safety the
Bill of Rights is altogether compatible
with protecting the safety and security
of american citizens on the right there
are some who have called for
resurrecting the government's bulk data
collection that existed under the
Patriot Act more data from millions of
law-abiding Americans is not always
better data holding tens of billions of
records of ordinary citizens it didn't
stop Fort Hood it didn't stop busting it
didn't stop Chattanooga it didn't stop
garland and it failed to detect the San
Bernardino blog when the focus of law
enforcement and national security is on
law-abiding citizens rather than
targeting the bad guys we miss the bad
guys while violating the constitutional
rights of American citizens instead the
bulk data program was emblematic of the
bureaucratic tendency to gather more not
better information which gives
government tremendous opportunity for
abuse as has been displayed powerfully
by Louis learners IRS like the fable of
the Scorpion and the Frog government
will do what is in its nature amass
power at the expense of the people this
week we commemorated the 74th
anniversary of Pearl Harbor let it be a
reminder that it is often not a lack of
intelligence but a lack of perception I
co-sponsored the USA freedom act to
enable the intelligence community to
find prosecute and kill the bad guy
while protecting ordinary citizens
privacy rights
indeed under the USA freedom act
intelligence capabilities are enhanced
those are not my words those are the
words of James clapper the Director of
National Intelligence as he told
congress this past May under the USA
freedom act investigators have more
tools to target suspected terrorists to
access their phone records to track down
those with whom they've communicated
under the old bulk data program all of
us were presumed guilty at the outset
and yet the universal phone records that
could be searched was materially smaller
than the universe that can now be
searched under the USA freedom act that
has expanded the number of phones that
can be targeted but requires first some
evidence that the persons phone you're
going after is actually connected with
terrorism we should not shy away from
smarter policies that enhance our
ability to target the bad guys while
protecting the rights of law-abiding
citizens in addition to those voices on
the right who are suggesting sweeping
aside citizens Fourth Amendment rights
their voices on the left who are taking
the same approach and want us to
voluntarily surrender our 2nd Amendment
rights both of these approaches are
misguided and chief among them going
after the Second Amendment rights of
law-abiding citizens is our president
with all due respect president has it
exactly backwards we don't stop the bad
guys by giving away our guns we stop the
bad guys by using our guns let's be very
clear the second amendment is not the
enemy my sis is radical Islamic
terrorism is those who want to murder us
are as just a few Joseph story so
rightly noted the Second Amendment is
the Palladium of our liberties these
rights enabled an armed citizenry to
defend themselves
against evil actors whether they be
criminals or as we are now saying the
threat increase homegrown or migrant
terrorists around cities rather than
stripping ordinary citizens of their
constitutional liberties we should have
instead a clear strategy to utterly
defeated ice and that brings me to my
second point in addition to protecting
Americans here at home the strategy to
defeat the enemy begins by calling it by
its name
radical Islamic terrorism on Sunday the
president's address to the nation he
made an interesting point he said quote
for seven years
confronted this evolving threat each
morning and my intelligence briefing yet
though he says he understands this
evolving threat each day he's chosen not
to deal with the reality he's chosen not
to confront the actual enemy he's chosen
not to call the attacks in Fort Hood or
little rock or boston or Chattanooga
concerted acts of radical Islamic
terrorism on our own citizens our own
mothers and fathers and sons and
daughters and servicemen and women we
need to take off the blinders a
political correctness that prevent us
from seeing what is right in front of us
that enemy is radical Islamic terrorism
and it is trying to destroy our country
and our way of life in a wall street
journal column last week
peggy noonan wrote about the need for us
to robustly defend our first amendment
right to free speech against the forces
that are trying to shame us into silence
it's a topic for another speech but in
this context it raises the specter that
Americans will be labeled as bigots if
they dare utter the word Islam in
connection with a terrorist attack our
president refuses to do so in fact he
said
spent a significant portion of a Sunday
address as an apologist for radical
islamic terrorists and as attorney
general Loretta Lynch told a gathering
the day after the San Bernardino attack
that her department would move to
prosecute anyone whose quote anti-muslim
rhetoric quotes and used towards
violence
the day after a terror attack 14
innocent lives snuffed away we want a
president and an attorney general who is
standing up to defend this nation not an
attorney general who decreased herself
the speech police or any who dare speak
out against this threat as has been the
case all too often the Obama
administration we may be facing once
again the weaponization of one of our
own government agencies deployed not to
protect Americans but to force them to
submit to the Obama administration's
code of what is and is not acceptable
speech tourney general Lynch said that's
what she was most afraid of that we
might exercise our first amendment
rights and speak out against this threat
how about having an attorney general who
is focused on keeping our children safe
rather than muzzling the free speech
rights of Americans and in fact we're
already seeing the consequences of fear
stifling speech the neighbors of Syed
Farooq and Tash Veena Malik reportedly
found their behavior
up until now they didn't say anything to
law enforcement because they were scared
they would be accused of racial
profiling imagine how different San
Bernardino would have played out
out if the fear and political correct
this it's not silenced the neighbors if
a phone call had been made if law
enforcement had investigated if they had
discovered the abundant evidence of
radicalization and intent to wage jihad
then if these to admit apprehended
before they went on a murderous spree
Loretta Lynch is ban on what she calls
anti-muslim rhetoric is already
producing its chilling effect and it's
providing Americans from taking basic
steps to protect ourselves so let's take
off the blinders it's time to say that
these attacks are not isolated incidents
these walls are not alone there instead
operating as an ideological pack and the
thing that unites them is their
fanatical adherence to Islamic
supremacism the conviction that the
world must submit to their form of Islam
or die
disabled forces present in our country
as the FBI director reported it is
active in each one of our fifty states
and once we have identified the enemy
was do everything in our power to defeat
them
America and the world have grown more
dangerous as president Obama has receded
from the world stage every day goes by
the United States seamless weaker and
more marginal actor increasingly
dismissed as irrelevant increasingly
viewed by the world's leaders are
president has a laughing stock and so
our third goal must be to restore
america's leadership in the world as
reagan knew well the best way to project
america's leadership is by protecting
and promoting America's strength and
this principle should always got our
actions
president will have to contend with an
ever worsening state of american
interest around the globe given the
opportunity squandered in the enemies
and Boldin under President Obama's watch
our most immediate challenge comes from
the Middle East which is what I want to
talk about today but make no mistake
about it this is a global problem and
significant potential for conflict from
the baltics to the South China Sea are
made ever more difficult by President
Obama shameful and destructive to
funding of our military given President
Obama's detached and dismissive address
to the nation on Sunday night it is now
a virtual certainty that the next
president will have to deal with the
Scourge known as the Islamic State and
then it will not be a local threat we
now know for a fact that if we drove
withdraw from the Middle East the
radical jihadists will not be content to
stay there they're going to attack our
allies in the region and beyond and they
are on the lookout for every opportunity
to attack us here at home the next
president will need to bring together
the best civilian and military
leadership to develop an actual in real
plan to utterly defeat and destroy Isis
a plan that is not shackled by concerns
over environmental impact or the most
restrictive rules of engagement that our
armed forces have ever known during the
fifteen months of President Obama's
failed military action against Isis I
have strongly advocated for a concrete
military plan and proposed at options we
may employ would include maximizing our
overwhelming air advantage with a
sustained coherent directed bombing
campaign instead of what we have now
which is a photo op foreign policy of a
bomb here and a missile they're not
actually achieving the goal of defeating
Isis we should also be arming the
courage the Peshmerga who had
considerable success against
crisis despite the fact that Isis is
fighting with american military
equipment they seized in Iraq and the
Peshmerga are using out happens because
the Obama administration for political
reasons refuses to arm them because they
would displease baghdad our focus should
not be incurring favor with baghdad our
focus should be on utterly defeating the
crisis and the Kurdish pesh MERGA are
critical boots on the ground for
accomplishing that effort beyond that we
should also include the Jordanian and
Egyptian military's in which the United
States has made significant investments
in past decades and then above and
beyond that we should do whatever is
necessary and required to defeat us some
in the course of a political campaign
have focused on the question of boots on
the ground American boots on the ground
as a talismanic demonstration of
strength that is getting the deployment
of military force precisely backwards
this is not a game of Risk where
politicians move armies around to
demonstrate their much East instead you
need a commander-in-chief who sets an
objective of destroying Isis and then we
need to rely on the expert military
judgment as to the tools necessary to
carry out that objective including
overwhelming military power including
arming the Kurds including using
whatever ground troops are necessary to
kill the terrorists and then come home
the issue of Isis is however only one
piece of the complex geopolitical
landscape of the Middle East and I'd
like to turn now to how we productively
approach this troubled region in a way
that will improve the broader strategic
posture of the United States thirty-six
years ago last month the remarkable
intellect and diplomat who I mentioned
earlier jeane kirkpatrick published an
essay on
commentary entitled dictatorships and
double standards it is an essay to which
I command everyone here today she wrote
to disprove the notion that the prime
directive of American foreign policy
should be quote to democratize
governments anytime anywhere under any
circumstance that particular target of
ambassador kirkpatrick criticism plus
the fact listen on more foreign policy
of our 39th President Jimmy Carter
convinced that democracy was in and of
itself an abstract force for good
the carter administration had supported
theoretically liberal uprisings against
authoritarian governments that had been
allied with the United States from Latin
America to the middle east however well
intentioned president carter's efforts
may have been the result had been time
and time again
material damage to the national security
interests of the United States
dictatorships and double standards
appear the same month that the
revolutionary leader of the Islamic
Republic of Iran the ayatollah told the
khomeini who seized power unopposed by
the carter administration had gone on to
take more than 50 hostages at the
American Embassy in Tehran hostages that
he would hold for 444 days ambassador
kirkpatrick political philosophy caught
the attention of an inspiring republican
presidential candidate Ronald Reagan the
tireless champion of freedom and human
rights had been grappling with the issue
of how to advance the American cause
against the Soviets when many of our
potential partners were not exactly
paragons of democratic virtue reagan
understood the hard truths embodied in
dictatorships and double standards
which was that is established liberal
democracies are not the only valuable
allies for America they are rather the
best ones and are to be prioritized
celebrated and fiercely protected but if
we refuse to work with countries that do
not meet our democratic standards for
not making a rapid enough conversion to
democracy but are still helpful to
advancing our larger goals to protecting
our national security then we risk
fundamentally undermining those goals
and so to our national security now
reagan absorb this concept without ever
losing his passionate belief in freedom
he knew that the real threat was not the
occasional dime store dictator but
rather the existential threat of
totalitarian communism which was on the
march with the stated goal of world
domination and he knew that this is not
an either or dilemma even as he kept
vitally important and alliances with the
Philippines and South Korea he used
quiet diplomacy and sometimes very
public diplomacy to successfully
encouraged these nations to more
democratic practice would it be nice if
the progress of liberal democracy was an
inevitable linear evolution and human
affairs and that freedom once achieved
would be a permanent state of affairs
indeed it would but even a cursory
glance at the history of democracy in
the some two and a half millennia since
the experiment was first attempted in
ancient athens reveals this is far from
the case and the reality is that in
order to preserve and strengthen the
United States we cannot true meat treat
democracy promotion as an absolute
directive but rather as a highly
desirable ideal one that can be reached
most effectively through the promotion
of the security in the interest of the
United States
we could do worse in my opinion that
adopting the reagan kirkpatrick
philosophy today after all the proof is
in the pudding and it is not an accident
that when the american hostages were
released on January 20th 20 1981 they
came home not because President Carter
had allowed the Islamic Revolution to
triumph on a post but because now a
president reagan was in the white house
and the ayatollah knew he would defend
america one recent case study what if
interested president reagan and
ambassador kirkpatrick was the January
2011 popular uprising in Tahrir Square
that ousted Hosni Mubarak Mubarak made
an easy target an aging military
strongman with a grin record on human
rights
the fact that he had been for thirty
years a staunch ally of the United
States and a key partner in securing
israel was quickly to scout it the
Google field revolution was ahead a
moment that same day twenty first
century rebuke to the repression of the
past
Mubarak small was hailed as an
opportunity for Egypt to chart a new and
more hopeful democratic future and plans
were made for speedy elections when
those elections came however the results
were disastrous for the United States as
Mohammed Morsi who had close ties with
the Muslim Brotherhood came to power but
Barack Obama insisted that all that
mattered was that Morsi was duly elected
and for that reason the Egyptian should
have to suffer under his brutal world
even while he started to undermine
american interests destroy the Egyptian
economy and allowed jihadists and
weapons to flow from Libya into the
sinai for the second uprising in the
summer of 2013 would not be the ID
ideal way to change government we should
all shudder to think what could have
happened in Egypt had Morsi laying out
his term we might well have faced the
prospect of Egypt on the brink of
failure unable or unwilling to protect
Israel's borders from the radical
islamics that Morsi had unleashed now
under President LCC we have a leader who
is aggressively fighting the terrorist
cells in the Sinai and defending his
border with Libya and who is not afraid
to call out the terrible perversion of
his own faith that is causing the
violence this past summer I wrote a book
entitled the time for truth in that book
high-profile a speech president Morsi
gave on January 1st of this year at
Cairo University it was a speech in
which he called out directly the threat
of radical islamic terrorists it was a
speech in which he called out fellow
Muslims to stand up against the
perversion against the evil that is
radical islamic terrorists but president
Morsi president LCC rather for president
on Sisi to give this speech as a Muslim
leader was a demonstration of courage
and resolve that was remarkable he was
quite literally putting a bounty on his
own hand and he did so with his eyes
open fully aware that the forces of evil
he was standing up against would do
everything they could to murder him as a
result and yet as I discussed in the
book what does it say when the president
of egypt is more clear-eyed more candid
more direct more serious about defeating
radical Islamic terrorism then is the
present in the United States indeed at
that very same University Cairo
University President Obama outspoken and
2009 on a so-called world apology to her
or a set among other things that Iran
has a right to nuclear power we need a
president who will stand up and
unequivocally defend the national
security interests of this country
another instructive episode was the 2011
nato led intervention in Libya that
toppled the repressive dictator Moammar
Kadafi he made it easier even easier
target the move mark a violent and
repressive anti American dictator who
had sponsored vicious terrorist attack
on American interest notably the Downing
of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie
Scotland Gaddafi had also long been
suspected to push it
pursuing cover a covert nuclear program
that if successful would pose a great
threat to the United States when a
popular uprising occurred in the spring
of 2011 it seemed a no-brainer to this
administration that America would come
to the aid of the beleaguered rebels
splashed across the international press
in fatigues and get FiOS the mission
seemed almost absurdly easy one that
could be executed with no real American
sacrifice indeed as the Obama
administration boasted we could quote
lead from behind and the result would be
the establishment of a liberal democracy
in Libya that would only require
administrative steps such as mobilizing
international support for a transitional
government and freeing up communications
networks how profoundly wrong that poor
foreign policy view was as it turns out
rather than being aspiring democrats
that the Obama administration and their
allies wanted them to be the rebels were
radical jihadists with limited interest
in establishing a civil society and
while it was at the time well known
that qaddafi and abandon his nuclear
program another very real threat of
military intervention that he perceived
from the George W Bush administration it
was less well known that he had begun
cooperating with the united states and
the fight against those same violent
terrorist but he was actively working to
apprehend radical islamic terrorists to
turn them over to America know once he
was gone
things turn for the worse once he was
gone in less than 18 months they would
overrun our facilities in Benghazi
murdering four Americans including our
ambassador the first American ambassador
killed in the line of duties since the
carter administration today
libby is a failed state controlled by
warring terrorist networks that pose a
significant threat to our ally Egypt and
who are openly plotting attacks on our
allies in europe the intervention in
Libya Libya was in a word a disaster and
the argument that Republicans had to in
principle support what might have been a
democratic uprising against Gadhafi but
that the Obama administration somehow
botched the job is revisionist history
and poor revisionist history at that
this took place in 2011 after the
president's Cairo speech the Russian
reset and the canceling of the missile
defense batteries in Poland and the
Czech Republic it should have been clear
to any rational observer that the Obama
administration was not capable of a
policy that would actually defend and
robustly defend the national security
interests of the United States a third
example that has dragged on for more
than four years is the Syrian civil war
once again there is no doubt that Bashar
al-assad like his father was before him
as a bad guy who has been an ally to end
it
as a puppet of Iran and an enemy to the
United States and Israel and it may have
been that this spring of 20 2011 there
was a secular nonviolent opposition to
Assad that would have made his ouster of
strategic interest to the united states
but by the time I arrived in congress in
2013 it was clear that far darker forces
were at work in June of that year the
Economist reported that out of the nine
rebel groups that they had identified
seven had significant terrorist ties a
state of affairs that made me deeply
cautious about any plan to train and
equip them for as bad as Assad was and
is radical jihadist controlling Syria
would be a significant turn for the
worse nothing that has happened in the
last two and a half years has given me
any more confidence that intervention in
the Syrian civil war is in america's
interest in fact the situation is now
materially worse despite hundreds of
millions of dollars the United States
has poured into trying to identify and
train the Syrian opposition as Isis now
controls a significant portion of the
country while Assad is consolidating his
position as a vassal of Iran and Russia
quite simply we do not have a side in
the Syrian civil war is not very
fashionable these days in washington
indeed it is not difficult to find
politicians in Washington who will
Thunder we must topple Assad with the
same ferocity with which they thundered
we must topple Kadhafi we must topple
Mubarak and we've seen the catastrophic
results of these myopic policies and I
would note that my view that we don't
have a side of the Syrian civil war is
shared by at least one other world
leader with a clear-eyed and direct
vision to what's happening is
rails prime minister netanyahu was asked
when he visited Washington last month
why he didn't intervene in the in the
Syrian civil war and he responded simply
that he would only do so if he had a
clear side which at this point he did
not he said that an Iranian controlled
Assad was a disaster for israel but
thats so was the Islamic state
controlling Syria quote when two of your
enemies are fighting each other I say
don't strengthen one or the other I say
we can both or at least don't intervene
which is what I've done I believe today
we are at a moment like munich in 1938
that President Obama has returned from
geneva returned from agreeing to give
over a hundred billion dollars to the
ayatollah khomeini promising like
neville chamberlain peace in our time
history teaches anything giving hundreds
of billions of dollars strengthening
homicidal maniacs who intend to murder
you
has never ever ever worked out well and
at a time of great peril we need the
churchillian clarity and vision that
prime minister netanyahu provide because
he doesn't have the time for the
political correctness that so hamstrings
the Obama administration I think we
should listen to our closest ally in the
region and in the absence of a viable
alternative to Assad that isn't Isis I
believe we should focus on the immediate
and unambiguous challenge to our
security which is utterly destroying
Isis I understand this flies in the face
of conventional wisdom holds that
America must always promote democracy at
all costs some would consider any
progression in Egypt
involved Morsi serving out his full term
as unacceptable they might consider the
terrorists domination of Libya as
preferable to any outcome that didn't
oust the dictator qaddafi they are
proclaiming today that those who do not
support Assad's ouster are complicit in
iranian terrorism there will always be
those who believe it is america's
obligation is a free nation to convince
others that we are laboring for their
freedom whether they want it or not
there will always be those who believe
by insisting on anything less than our
democratic ideals we are forfeiting the
moral high ground this is to borrow
ambassador kirkpatrick elegant phrase
nothing more than confusing revolution
with idealism change with progress we do
not betray the idea of America by
accepting reality ronald reagan was the
single greatest liberator of human
oppression that the world has ever known
he did not do it by forcing democracy on
on whaling nations but by an unwavering
determination to defeat communism after
two terms that Obama Clinton foreign
policy so disastrous it makes the carter
administration look good we are in a
desperate need once again for clarity
the clarity of ronald reagan's for most
important words we win they lose they
will not win by replacing dictators as
unpleasant as they may be with
terrorists who want to kill us and
destroy America and we can take heart in
the knowledge that like reagan we're not
abandoning freedom we are doing what we
must be protected because the true
threat to the spread of liberty is the
radical Islamism that is every bit as
impressive as Soviet Communism and why
the rebels who oppose regional strongman
who turn out to be just hotties are not
ultimately helpful in this cost there
are others who are and we should be able
to figure out the difference as
ambassador kirkpatrick wrote it may not
always be easy to distinguish between
democratic in totality Therrien agents
of change but it is also not too
difficult
authentic democratic Revolutionary is
aimed at securing governments based on
the consent of the government the
Governor and believed that ordinary men
are capable of using freedom knowing
their own interests and choosing leaders
a case in point is perhaps the single
greatest blunder of the Obama
administration and one of its first in
2009 when the president ignored the
Green Revolution in Iran and thereby
forfeiting an opportunity to replace the
radical Islamist terror sponsor
terrorist sponsoring regime in Tehran
that chance death to America and death
to Israel and pursues nuclear weapons
and instead America could have stood
with a peaceful secular rebellion that
was crying out for support from the
United States there was a case where
regime change squared up with our most
pressing national need but instead of
standing with the Iranian people in what
could have been his tear down this wall
moment instead President Obama fell
silent and decided to open up
negotiations with the Mullahs and stand
so while the paroxysms of the so-called
Arab Spring did not produce a wave of
flowering democracies in the Middle East
but rather a tsunami of chaos and unrest
including a new and even more virulent
state
strain of radical Islamic terrorism most
sensationally embodied by Isis there
maybe future such opportunities that the
next president should not squander we
couldn't lead by example and demonstrate
the positive effects of democracy as
ambassador kirkpatrick further noted it
is not impossible to us' policy could
effectively encourage this process of
liberalization and democratization
provided to the effort was made at a
time when the incumbent government is
fighting for its life against violent
adversaries and that the proposed
reforms are aimed at producing gradual
change rather than to protect democracy
overnight to accomplish this policy
makers are needed to understand how
actual democracies have actually come
into being
history is a better guide than good
intentions their number of encouraging
twentieth-century examples of
liberalisation that should give us hope
the flourishing vibrant democracy that
Israel is one of the great gifts the
last seven decades have bestowed on
america we shouldn't squander at the end
of the cold war produced a unified
democratic germany as well as the
vibrant democracies of eastern europe
all strategic allies and assets to the
United States we can most effectively
continue this process by embracing our
own ideals by standing unapologetically
for freedom by defending Americans here
in our country by having the courage to
speak with moral clarity to call evil by
its name by unapologetically defending
America's interest around the globe and
by using the bully pulpit of the
presidency to invite others to recognize
the rights of individuals to respect
them and to unite against the evil
forces who seek to tear down freedom
in every corner of the world like

god bless the great state of Florida
I'm thrilled to be with you today
well thank you and I love you too what
an amazing how many of yall of watch the
Republican debates how fantastic is it
that we have such an array of young
talented dynamic candidates running for
president
rest with the democrats you know i i
think the first democratic debate was
was hillary and the trip only clerk well
now actually that's not fair
we can't forget about Bernie Sanders so
now the democratic field consists of a
wild-eyed socialist with ideas that are
dangerous for american the world and
learning centers
but I don't know if you heard they
announced new news they changed the
location for the next democratic debate
we're gonna have it at leavenworth what
they wanted to make it easier for
hillary to attend
you know all of us are here today
because our countries in crisis we're
here today because we're bankrupting our
kids and grandkids because our
constitutional rights are under assault
each and every day and because america's
receded from leadership in the world and
it is made the world a much more
dangerous place and yet I'm here today
with a word of hope and encouragement an
exhortation to each of you all across
this country all across the state of
Florida and all across the nation
people are waking up and I'm here to
tell you help is on the way
so I wanna ask everyone here to look
forward look forward to January 2017 if
I'm elected president let me tell you
what I intend to do on the first day in
office the first thing I intend to do is
risks and every single illegal and
unconstitutional executive action taken
by this president President Obama likes
to say he's got a phone and he's got a
pan where you live by the pan you die by
the pin and my pen has got an eraser
but sadly the corruptions not been
limited to the white house has extended
across every agency the federal
government
the second thing I intend to do on the
first day in office is instruct the
United States Department of Justice to
open an investigation into Planned
Parenthood and these horrible videos
and a prosecute any and all criminal
conduct by that organization the third
thing I intend to do on the first day
and all is instruct the Department of
Justice and the IRS and every other
federal agency that the persecution of
religious liberty and today
means that every serviceman and woman
has the right to seek out and worship
God Almighty with all of our hearts
minds and souls and their superior
officer and nothing to say and that
means that the Little Sisters of the
Poor a Catholic charity being persecuted
by the Obama administration will find
that the case against them has been
dismissed
the fourth thing I intend to do on the
first day in office is ripped to shreds
this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
greatest national security threat facing
this country is the threat of a nuclear
Iran and we need a commander-in-chief
who will stand up in unequivocal terms
and say under no circumstances will the
nation of Iran led by a theocratic
ayatollah to chance
death to America under no circumstances
will iran be allowed to acquire nuclear
weapons
the fifth I intend to do on the first
day in office is begin the process of
moving the american embassy in Israel to
jerusalem the one senator no capital of
Israel now you know a lot of
presidential candidates both Democrats
and Republicans had made that same
problems and yet inevitably when they
get to the white house they don't do it
because what happens is their team comes
to them and they say you know if we do
this other folks in the Middle East will
be really really unhappy with well if
you hadn't noticed
there are already pretty unhappy with
the single biggest difference between me
and the other very very fine men and
women standing on that debate stage is
that with me when I tell you I'm going
to do something I'm gonna do exactly
what I said
that's day one
there are 365 days in a year for years
in a presidential term and four years in
a second term
by the end of eight years they're going
to be a whole lot of reporters and
newspaper editors and journalists check
themselves into therapy
in the days that follow I will go to
congress and we will repeal every word
of Obamacare we will pass commonsense
health care reform that makes health
insurance personal and portable and
affordable and keep the government from
getting in between us and our doctors
what are these
is Obama coming
in the days that followed I will
instruct the us- Department of Education
which should be abolished
I will instruct the Secretary of
Education that Common Core ends today
in the days that follow we will rebuild
our military and we will honor the
commitments made to our soldiers and
sailors and airmen and Marines and that
includes protecting the rights of our
service men and women to keep and bear
arms and defend themselves that means
that the next time a jihadist walks into
a recruiting center in chattanooga he's
going to encounter the business and of
firearms wielded by a dozen Marines
we will finally finally finally secure
the borders and end sanctuary cities
we will stop releasing criminal illegal
aliens and we will pass case law in the
days that follow we will take on EPA
and the CFPB and the alphabet soup of
federal agencies that have descended
like locusts on small business is
killing jobs all across this great
country
in a few years back I was out west texas
I ask folks there I said what's the
difference between regulators and Locust
so well the thing is you can't use
pesticide on the regulators and there's
all West Texas farmer he leaned back
said one of the days that follow I will
go to congress and we will pass
fundamental tax reform we will pass a
simple flat tax
10% for every american so that every man
and woman can fill out their taxes on a
postcard and when we do that we should
abolish the IRS
there about 90,000 employees at the IRS
we need to padlock that building all
ninety thousand put him down on our
southern border
now to our friends in the media I say
that somewhat tongue-in-cheek but you
know if you think about it sir imagine
you traveled thousands of miles in the
Blazing Sun you're swimming across the
Rio Grande and the first thing you see
is 90,000 IRS agents you turn around and
go home
summar may be thinking of this makes
sense to me it's basic common sense live
within your means don't bankrupt our
kids and grandkids follow the
constitution but can it be done
scripture tells us is nothing new under
the Sun I think where we are today is
very very much like the late nineteen
seventies same failed economic policies
same misery stagnation and malaise the
same feckless and naive foreign policy
in fact the exact same countries Russia
and Iran openly laughing and mocking the
president the United States and why is
it that analogy gives me so much hope
and optimism because we know how that
story ended
all across this country millions of men
and women rose up and became the reagan
revolution
Washington despised ronald reagan by the
way if you see a candidate who
Washington embraces run and hide it came
from the american people and it turn
this country around we went from
stagnation to booming economic growth to
millions lifted out of poverty in a
prosperity and the American dream we
went from our hostages languishing in
Iran to winning the cold war and
chairing the berlin wall to the ground
the reason I am so hopeful and
optimistic it's the same thing is
happening again we are seeing the
American people wake up all over the
country and a six months ago when we
launched our campaign for president
the New York Times promptly opined crews
cannot win because the washington elites
despise him
I kinda thought that was the whole point
of the campaign but if you think things
in washington are going great that we
need to keep headed the same basic
directions just kinda fiddle around the
edges and I guy on the other hand if you
think Washington is fundamentally broken
that there is a bipartisan corruption of
career politicians in both parties that
get in bed with the lobbyists and
special interests and grow and grow and
grow government and we need to take
power out of washington and back to we
the people that is what this campaign is
all about
well you know the times continue they
said okay maybe the grass roots are
gonna be with 10:48 gonna have any money
all the money is controlled by those
Washington elites and the lobbyists are
all supporting other candidates in this
race funny thing happened on the way to
the forum
few weeks back all the campaigns filed
their latest fundraising reports at a
seventeen Republican candidates who
started this race do you know which
campaign has the most cash on hand the
most money in the bank
we did you know how that happened
because we've had over four hundred and
fifty thousand contributions people all
over the country going to check crews .
or 10 crews . or Ted Cruz . or its Ted
Cruz dunno
average contribution was $73 that is the
power of the grass
want to close with two things
wanna statement about the role of
Florida Florida and Texas share a lot in
common we are southern states which
states that are growing which states
that understand that economic growth
doesn't come from government it comes
from the men and women in this room it
comes from small businesses that comes
from entrepreneurs it comes from people
creating opportunity and nothing where
immigrants states people coming from all
over the world to our state's we also
share a similar dislike for snow I like
to tell people you can't shovel sunshine
there is a reason people are fleeing
high-tax hi regulation states all over
the country and come into states like
Florida and Texas because jobs and
opportunity and growth and the future is
in states like Florida and Texas
Florida's primary is a critical time and
Florida can play a decisive role in
ensuring that the next republican
nominee for president is a strong
concern we are building a grassroots
army across florida and all across this
country and I ask everyone here come and
join us
the last thing I want to say is this for
every one of us here freedom is not some
abstract concept we read about a school
book freedom is real and personal in our
lives and our families you know for me I
think about my dad to 58 years ago fled
cuba it came to America with nothing was
18 years old at $100 sewn into his
underwear he couldn't speak English he
washed dishes making fifty cents an hour
and it worked full time he paid his way
through school he went on with my mother
to start a small business today and my
father is a pastor he travels the
country preaching the gospel now my
whole life my dad has been my hero but
you know what I find most incredible
about his story every one of us here we
have a story just like that in our back
some of us its US others it's our
parents others it's our great great
great great but what ties Americans
together is everyone of us we are the
children of those who risk everything
for free
that is the fundamental DNA of what it
means to be an American to value liberty
and opportunity above all else and it is
why I'm so optimistic because we are not
going to give up our freedom to an
ever-growing federal government you know
when I was a kid my dad used to say to
me over and over again when we lost our
freedom in cuba bleach we lose our
freedom here that is why each and every
one of us here today
because we are not content to go quietly
into the night we are not willing to
give up on our children and
grandchildren I tell you this if we
continue to come together if we stand
together to defend freedom to defend the
Constitution if we the people rise up as
one we can bring back that last best
hope for mankind that shining city on a
hill that is the United States of
America
thank you and god bless you

it is not often that I'm speechless but
wow god bless the great state of Iowa
let me say day Bart Bob Vander Plaats
steve King Glenn Beck what an incredible
humbling powerful privilege to stand
with warriors for liberty
these are men of principle days are men
of honor these are men who love our
Constitution these are men who love God
and as our man who are not afraid to
stand and speak the truth no matter what
the consequences
and times of great peril God as always
elevated leaders and we have seen a
panoply of leaders elevated to stand for
this country
and I gotta tell you every time glen
speaks I learn something everyone here I
think has received an hour of college
credit from the Bible College
for Glenn Beck University puts
everything in perspective on what the
stakes are I will say this for a texan
it's cold outside let you know as cold
as it as it is and it's even colder in
washingtonDC blizzard hit Washington
shut down the government
mainstream media immediately blamed it
on me
I have to admit though I saw a blizzard
in Washington I was confused I thought
al gore said this would happen
I mean it was cold air is cold there it
is so cold in Washington
it is so cold I actually saw a democrat
with his hands in his own pockets
actually hillary and she was hiding an
email server
nine days nine days between now and the
Iowa caucus nine days in a battle that
will decide the direction of this
country every one of us is here for one
reason we love this country and we
recognize america is in crisis we love
our children we love our grandchildren
and I will tell you we have reason to be
encouraged to the word tells us weeping
may endure for a night but joy joy
cometh in the morning
across this country there has been
a great deal of weeping we've seen the
fundamental values of this country being
torn down but from washington D C torn
down by politicians in both parties and
yet I want to give you a word of hope
and encouragement and exhortation the
American people are waking up there is
an awakening and there is a spirit of
revival that is sweeping this country
you know glenn was right
no one person can turn this country
around it is only God's blessing walking
through we the people that can pull this
country back from the brink
but every one of us understands the
stakes
I'm curious as anyone else in this room
ever been burned by a politician we see
it over and over again
politicians come they gave a great talk
they say exactly what we want to hear
and then they go to washington and they
don't do what they said they would do we
keep winning elections are a republican
house a republican senate and what on
earth do they do with it over and over
and over again the stakes are too high
this election in 2016 we cannot get
burned again
so how do we decide how we as voters
decide how do we avoid getting burned
again
a step ahead of me
as gland rightly noted scripture tells
us you shall know them by their fruits
let me give a better suggestion listen
and three Republican when they run for
president stands up and says there are
conservative have you noticed that have
you noticed that not a single person on
that debate stage stands up and says hi
I'm a squishy establishment moderate I
stand for absolutely nothing they don't
say that by the way what a tribute to
the men and women here that
establishment politicians are spending
millions of dollars trying to convince
us that they believe what we do so
here's my advice don't listen to any of
us don't listen to me and don't listen
to anybody else on that stage instead of
listening to what we say ask
show me what you've done
show me your path I don't know but also
used to say if I'm ever accused of being
a Christian had like four there be
enough evidence to convict me I'm gonna
suggest a way for us not to get burned
again
ronald reagan talked talked about a time
for choosing lines in the ground where
men and women decide on which side of
the line do I stand and I want to walk
through seven times for choosing
the first is life life is the
fundamental interest value if we have no
life no liberty follows no pursuit of
happiness follows the right to life is
fundamental to all else
just this week we saw the tragic
anniversary of roe versus wade decision
that has authored in the death of over
50 million unborn children now in a
republican primary and recanted it will
tell you they're pro-life that's what
republicans do in presidential primaries
the question we ought to ask is tell me
when hit you stood up and fought for the
right to life
before being in the senate I was the
solicitor general Texas the chief lawyer
for the state in front of the USS
Supreme Court we led a coalition of
states before the USS supreme court
defending the federal ban on
partial-birth abortion and we 154
another coalition estates before the USS
supreme court defending the state of New
Hampshire's parental notification law
and we won unanimous
and when the state of Texas passed
legislation prohibiting taxpayer funding
for Planned Parenthood a local district
court struck it down I personally argued
the appeal in the court of appeals and
we won unanimously defunding Planned
Parenthood
the right-to-life matters to you
if it is a core principle in your life
then the question each of us has to ask
who can we trust who has a record on
this I will tell you this if a candidate
has spent the first sixty years of their
life supporting partial-birth abortion
it raises the question of what they
might do in the white house if a
candidate today as a candidate for
president says we should continue
funding for Planned Parenthood taxpayer
funding it gives us real reason to doubt
whether that candidate
would lift a finger to defend life I'll
tell you this if I'm elected president
on the first day in office I will direct
the Department of Justice to open an
investigation into Planned Parenthood
and to prosecute any and all criminal
violations
if life matters there's a real
difference in terms of records let's
talk about a second time for choosing
marriage and religious liberty
marriages foundational to the family the
best home for children it's a home with
a mother and father who are married who
love each other and raise their children
in a loving family
a great many Americans don't
experiencing that I I come from a family
where a lot of the people in my family
were single moms and indeed for a period
I was raised by a single mom when my dad
left my mother and it was only my
father's coming to the Lord and given
his life to Jesus that brought our
family back together
but for seven years
we've seen a relentless assault on
marriage and religious liberty from
washington D C I still remember the week
that President Obama first came out
against traditional marriage hiding and
I are members of First Baptist Church in
Houston remember our pastor was mothers
day that that particular weekend and our
pastor got up and he was getting ready
to preach a sermon and actually had a
little fishing pond and a fishing pole
he never uses proper for whatever reason
he had them that morning and our pastor
stood up and said you know what I was
all prepared to give
terrific sermon on mother's day he said
God won't let me give that sermon
because this week this past week for the
first time in the history of our nation
the president of the united states has
come out against marriage as the union
of one man and one woman and our pastor
simply call and every member of the
congregation he said we're not gonna
have a sermon this morning I just asked
each of us to get down on our knees and
lift up this country in prayer
the spring the supreme court's decision
on marriage
in June of last year
5 unelected judges purported to tear
down the marriage laws of all fifty
states they ignored the constitution
they ignored the law of the land they
claim to have more enlightened wisdom
and what mankind has understood for
millennia long before there was a United
States long before there was a supreme
court marriage was ordained by God as
the union of one man and one woman
when that decision came down that was
another time for choosing
and a republican candidate who responded
to the gay marriage decision by saying
it is the set of law of the land we must
surrender accept it and move on those
are word-for-word the talking points of
Barack Obama several of the individuals
on that debate stage that was their
position including the two leading
contenders who are my competitors in
this state they said it's settled as the
law of the land
accept it and move on and my view anyone
that echoes Barack Obama in handing
authority over the court to tear down
marriage we should know exactly what
they would do as president which is they
would be unwilling to defend match
and when it comes to religious liberty
religious liberty is the very first
Liberty protected in the first amendment
of the Bill of Rights it is foundational
the right that this nation was founded
by brave men and women fleeing religious
oppression and coming to a land where we
could seek out and worship the Lord God
Almighty with all of our hearts minds
and souls without government getting in
the way
religious liberty for me has been a core
principle has been that I had been
fighting for four decades fighting to
defend the Ten Commandments Honda state
capitol grounds going to the supreme
court and winning 54
the Pledge of Allegiance the words one
nation under God going to the supreme
court and winning unanimous
Veterans Memorial representing three
million veterans defending a lone white
Latin cross going to the supreme court
and winning 54
and see my friends pickin videoGuard to
Iowa natives who are standing for their
religious faith they lost their historic
Lutheran Church that they had owned
because they were persecuted because
they were told they had to host and
celebrate a homosexual wedding or face
persecution by the government
you know we hosted a religious liberty
rally some months ago here in Iowa
incredible rally with nine heroes
including deck and Betty that just told
their stories
ordinary people a florist a baker a
soldier a fireman
who stood for their faces were persecute
if you believe religious liberty is
fundamental
then the question we should ask every
one of these candidates is not what do
we say on the campaign trail it's easy
to say on the campaign trail I'll defend
religious liberty asked if every
candidate what have you ever done in
your life to stand and fight for
religious liberty
for choosing
was the battle over guns and 2013
you're reading ahead
we all remember the tragic shooting in
Newtown Connecticut
where a sick deranged individual
murdered little children Heidi and I as
the father of two little girls and and
mother of two little girls and by the
way thank God our girls look like their
mother proof that God is a benevolent
guy but in the wake of that horrific
shooting
President Obama could have chosen to try
to bring us together could have chosen
to work with Democrats and Republicans
and say let's target violent criminals
let's come down on them like a ton of
bricks but instead following his chief
of staff's advice you never want to let
a good crisis go to waste
what did the president do he did the
same thing he did after San Bernardino
he said I'm gonna go after the Second
Amendment right to keep and bear arms of
law-abiding citizens well I'll tell you
millions of Americans across this
country rose up to defend our 2nd
Amendment rights our 2nd Amendment right
is a fundamental right in the Bill of
Rights and by the way it's not about
hunting
its target shooting those are great fun
but that's not why the Second Amendment
is in the Bill of Rights the Second
Amendment is in the bill of rights
because if anyone comes into your home
to harm you or your family to harm your
children you have a natural god-given
right to keep and bear arms and defend
your family
when millions of Americans rose up to
defend the Second Amendment right to
keep and bear arms against a federal
government that was trying to undermine
it I was proud I was honored to lead
that fight standing with the people the
question you should ask every other
candidate on that stage all of them say
they support the second amendment where
where they if they support the second
amendment we had a fight it was
fundamental it was the president trying
to undermine the second amendment if you
really support it
your actions could demonstrate it by
standing up
suiting up and reporting for bad
a fourth time for choosing
Obamacare take Obamacare please take
Obamacare in 2013 millions of Americans
across this country rose up in an
incredible tidal wave to say stop this
disaster we don't want it taking our
jobs
forcing us into part-time work taking
our health care taken our doctor driving
our premiums through the roof that was a
moment where I was proud to stand with
millions of Americans to try to give
voice to the frustration to the anger to
the rage why is the government
undermining my ability to keep me and my
family safe that was another moment a
time for choosing to look to the other
very very fine individual stand on that
debate stage the question will naturally
arise if you say you oppose Obamacare
where were you in 2013
when the fight is being fought where did
you stand when the line was in the
ground on which side to just stand and
let me say right now if a republican
candidate has for over 60 years of his
life
embraced a Bernie Sanders style
socialized medicine for oil and if that
candidates still today as a Republican
candidate for president supports a
Bernie Sanders socialized medicine for
all is there any chance on earth that
candidate would actually repeal
Obamacare
do not listen to what we say look at
what we do tell you if I am elected
president we will repeal of Obamacare
that fifth time for choosing
is taking on the cronyism of the
washington cartel
I've said many times the biggest divide
we've got this country it's politically
it's not between Democrats and
Republicans it is between career
politicians in Washington in both
parties and the american people
every candidate on that debate stage
says vote for me and I will stand up to
Washington ok great natural next
question when have you ever stood up to
washington
we should ask every candidate who has
stood up to washington who's taken on
not just democrats but leaders in our
own party
nobody on earth ever grew a backbone
after they got in 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue
if a Republican candidate for president
supported Barack Obama's TARP bailout of
the big Wall Street banks
if a republican presidential candidate
for president supported Barack Obama's
stimulus and said the only problem is it
needs to be bigger
is there any chance on earth that
individual would actually stand up to
the cronyism and cartel in washington
don't listen to what we say look at what
we do next battle the sixth time for
choosing was the battle over amnesty now
we had 2013 as well on Epic knock-down
drag-out battle President Obama and
Chuck Schumer and Harry Reid and the
Democrats joined up with establishment
Republicans
to try to pass a massive amnesty bill
the bill didn't secure our borders the
bill expanded President Obama's ability
to bring in Syrian refugees without
mandating background checks and the bill
would have granted amnesty to 12 million
people here illegally for everyone in
this country that was a time for
choosing on which side do you stands now
there are individuals on that stage that
answered that question and said I stand
with Chuck Schumer and Barack Obama and
I stand against the American people I
can tell you I was proud to stand
shoulder-to-shoulder with Iowa zone
steve King jeff Sessions
fighting to stop amnesty to secure the
border to keep this country safe
now the leader of that move for amnesty
was my friend Marco Rubio a good man
charming but when he ran for Senate in
Florida he promised the people of
florida if you elect me I will lead the
fight against amnesty that's what he
told the voters and then it came to
washington and immediately joined with
Chuck Schumer and authoring the Rubio
schumer amnesty bill now you remember
when Glenn talked about if you're not
who you say you are if you break your
work to the voters I will be your worst
enemy look what I would say to each of
you hold me accountable hold all of us
accountable good yes the stakes are too
high but I would notice well there's
another candidate in this race who talks
quite a bit about immigration and
everything else
well in 2013 the battle was being fought
if it is in fact the case that mr. Trump
opposes amnesty 19 asked where was he
during that battle I can tell you where
he was he was publicly at the time
supporting amnesty tweeting out support
for the gang of eight he was publicly at
the time supporting Marco Rubio's
dreamer legislation he was publicly at
the time criticizing Mitt Romney for
being too tough on illegal immigration
down when it comes to Amnesty even today
the Senate like Donald Trump he may say
unpleasant things about me I have no
intention of responding in kind I do not
intend to insult him I like and respect
and I respect the men and women here the
men and women of Iowa too much I don't
think you want or need or deserve to see
politicians engaging in namecalling and
insults but I do think substance matters
I think record matters I think issues
matter and I will point out
out that even right now today Mr Trump
supports amnesty mr. Trump's proposal
everyone knows he proposes to deport
everyone here illegally but then he says
as soon as they get back he'll let him
back in and let him become citizens by
the way this is a proposal establishment
Republicans have talked about an awful
lot called touch back touch back means
you're flying back to the country they
touch the ground and then they come back
magically on a path to citizenship now
he's entitled advocate for that a lot of
establishment republicans have advocated
for that but it doesn't get to pretend
it's not amnesty when he's making 12
million people here illegally into
twelve million USD Ennis
and let me say in 2013 it's worth
remembering what the stakes were in that
battle the Rubio schumer gang of eight
amnesty bill had passed the United
States Senate
republican leadership John Boehner and
House intended to take it up and pass it
with the vote for the democrats to
overrule almost all the republicans and
pass it with a vote for the Democrats if
you doubt that talk to steve King and
ask him exactly where it was hit it this
was the battle if that had happened and
it landed on Barack Obama's desk
it be a done deal this fight would have
been lost so if you in fact about
securing the borders care about stopping
amnesty what you did right there and
then
demonstrate your commitment to the back
and the seventh and final time for
choosing that I want to focus on is
standing up to Iran and radical Islamic
terrorism
the single greatest national security
threat facing this country is the threat
of a nuclear read the most important
determination the men and women of Iowa
will make the men and women of this
country will make his who is best
prepared to be commander-in-chief
who has the experience who has the
knowledge who has the judgment who has
the temperament who has the clarity of
vision and strength of resolve to kill
our enemies and to keep this country
safe
and so the question we should ask is who
has stood up and led the fight against
this Iranian nuclear deal who has stood
up and led the fight to go after radical
Islamic terrorism who is prepared to
keep this country safe
and I will say this any candidate who
says they will get into office and leave
in place Obama's catastrophic nuclear
deal does not understand the nature of
the ayatollah khomeini if elected
president on the first day in office I
will rip to shreds this Iranian nuclear
deal
the people of Iowa nine days nine days
to make this choice if you all agree
with me that the stakes have never been
higher that we are fighting to save this
country or never we're at the edge of a
cliff and we either pull back or we risk
losing the greatest country in the
history of the world do you agree with
me that I want to ask each and every one
of you to do three things one join us
commit today right now yes I will come
out on Monday night and caucus and stand
with you
strength of this campaign it is the
grass root it is we the people I believe
in the men and women of our
I wanna ask if each of you is that you
volunteer that yes sign up today and
commit be a precinct leader be a county
leader commit right now to pick up the
phone and call your mom that's a good
idea to call your mom anyway call your
sister your son or your next door
neighbor or your college roommate and
say this election matters please come
out and join me for my kids for my
grandkids everyone of you I want to ask
every person here to vote for me ten
times
now look we're not Democrats I'm not
suggesting voter fraud but if every one
of you gets nine other iowans to come
out and caucus on Monday night you will
have voted ten times
this is the fight right now listen you
all in this creates state will be beset
by millions of dollars of attack ads of
TV ads of radio ads mailers with more
and more and more horrific attacks and
lies and as you get closer to caucus
night it'll get worse and worse by the
way the mailers make really good can
link in your fireplace they light up
fast but you know we're at a stage where
the silliness where the Washington game
where the distortions they don't matter
this campaign I believe will be decided
friend of friend neighbor to neighbor
pastor Pastor one I want to another and
so what I asked if each of you is that
you very directly reach out and win this
race together
the third and final thing I want to ask
if everyone
is that you pray
that you commit for the next nine days
each and every day to lift this country
up in prayer that you spent just one
minute today in the morning when you get
up when you're shaving when you're
having lunch when you're putting your
kids down to sleep when you're lying
down in bed you spent just one minute
please continue this awakening continue
this spirit of revival awaken the body
of Christ that we might pull back from
this abyss
I will tell you it is a powerful thing
to look at the comp assailed by george
washington did not know glenn was going
to give this to me
loan it to me
it is an amazing reminder of what the
stakes are that when this country has
faced extraordinary threats in the past
that the american people have risen up
against and we're here today standing on
the promises of second chronicles 7:14
if my people which are called by my name
shall humble themselves and pray and
seek my face and turn from their wicked
ways then I will hear their prayer and
forgive their sins and I will heal their
land
let me tell you a bit of history at her
friends in the mainstream media will
never tell you in January 1981 when
ronald reagan took the oath of office
his left hand was resting on 2nd
chronicles 7:14 a very real and concrete
manifestation of that promise from the
Word of God this nation has faced
extraordinary threats before we hit
faced the abyss before and every time
with God's blessing it hasn't been one
individual it hasn't been one candidate
it has been the american people we the
people that have risen up and pulled
this country back from the abyss we have
done it before and we can do it again

an option on a set of the men and women
here thank you for sending to washington
a strong Christian conservative leader
like senator Tim Scott feel like it's
Sunday morning we have a call to worship
on the steps the word tells us when two
or more again Saturday at his name he
will be there where there are a whole
lot more than two of us here today and
outside our nation is in crisis but I
want to tell you there is a revival that
is sweeping south carolina that is
sweeping the country americans are
waking up I wanna talk to you today
about three things I'd like marriage
let's start with life we've seen in
recent weeks these horrific videos of
Planned Parenthood me tell you right now
innocent life should not be treated as a
business transaction
the body parts of unborn children I call
upon every citizen to South Carolina
every American watch these videos even
if especially if you call yourselves
pro-choice watch these videos
Planned Parenthood officials coldly
callously selling the body parts and
laughing about yourself on those videos
they are confessing to multiple felonies
it is a felony with the ten-year to sell
body parts and I'll tell you something
right now if an elected president on the
first day in office I will instruct the
Department of Justice to open an
investigation in the plan
over defunding Planned and they're all
continues to go to plan to take part in
a conference call that reached down and
included over a hundred thousand pastors
across this country
let me say to the past year the faith
leaders who were here
stand up and reach the congregation we
need leaders no-show stand up and lead
and defund Planned Parenthood today and
then talk about marriage just a couple
of months ago we saw the USS Supreme
Court issue a decision a fundamentally
illegitimate law
the marriage laws of every state let me
tell you something marriage existed long
before the United States Supreme Court
of the United States of America marriage
was not ordain ninety law and by god has
no jurisdiction over the break it in the
United States Senate on the
constitutional amendment to protect the
authority of the state legislatures of
every state in the Union to define
marriage as the union of one man and
stripping the federal courts have
jurisdiction over attacks on there and
I'll make a promise to you if elected
president every justice I point to the
United States Supreme Court will follow
the law and follow the constitution and
not impose their radical views on the
people of america and burn about
religious liberty before I was in the
center was the Solicitor General of
Texas the chief lawyer for the state in
front of the United States Supreme Court
we defended the Ten Commandments
monument that stands in the state
capitol grounds we went to the United
States Supreme Court defending the ten
commandments and we won
we defended the Pledge of Allegiance the
words one nation under God we went to
the United States Supreme Court and we
won
represented over three million veterans
defending the cross erected to honor the
men and women in ww1 arguing the image
of a cross on public lands the federal
district court agreed the Federal Court
of Appeal not tell you one thing they
were right about there is power in the
image of a cross and yet I was proud to
represent over three million veterans
before the USS supreme court defending
the Mojave Desert Veterans Memorial and
we want as Tony told you just last week
we hosted a rally in Iowa over 2,500
people came together in support of
religious liberty and we brought to the
stage who told their story of standing
for faith in me in person people like a
wonderful couple told an old historic
Lutheran Church when they hosted way
until to maintain and demanded that they
host and celebrate their homosexual
guarded about Mennonites they said very
respectfully very kindly they could not
host and celebrate that contrary to
their face
and the old guard were soon they were
persecuted they paid a fine and they
have now gone out of the wedding
business shut down their business and
laid off all of their employees we
listen to people like atlanta's fire
chief cochran an african-american grew
up in a challenge neighborhood grew up
struggling but he wanted to be a major
city in America but chief cochran is
also a Sunday school teacher he wrote a
book about Scripture he wrote a book in
his personal time about his faith in
what the Bible teaches us and they fire
chief for daring to write a book
repeating what Scripture teaches this is
the world where your faith is next
who preaches the word from the pulpit
next maybe your sister or brother center
and you wanna know how bad it can get it
at the wife of Pastor site an American
citizen to eight years in prison in Iran
for the crime
preaching the gospel an amazing thing we
all together we pray for Pastor side our
president is abandoned pastor Saeed and
three other hostages in Iran
we pray for Pastor side but let me tell
you is always in control
earthquake broke the power to free pass
but I'll tell you now may share that
even in the bowels of hell hole of an
Iranian prison if you go to our website
Ted Cruz died or watch these stories
watch these stories and you'll be
uplifting you will be inspired
heroes at patriot who stand and risked
persecution from all of us here we
understand that it's not an abstract
concept it's real and personal in our
lives I think about when I was a little
boy my parents are not Christians in the
time and they were both alcoholics they
drank far too much and when I was three
years old my dad left he flew to Houston
he said I don't want to be a husband
anymore I don't want to be a day to my
three-year-old son and a friend and
business colleague in Houston invited
him to a Bible study and at that Bible
study
fell to his knees and he gave his life
to Jesus and my father proceeded to
drive to the airport and plane ticket
and fly back to my mother and me to be a
husband and father so when people ask is
a 30 I can tell you that have been
raised by a single mom without were it
not for the transformational redemptive
love and do we live in a country where
like this under a software marriage is
under assault with faith is under
assault the last election fifty-four
million evangelical Christian state is
it any wonder we have the country
honoring the commands of the scripture
we are told to be so you can come into
contact with you if you're told or
believe we will stay home no convictions
that's right and transform this nation
and I will tell you this we are here
today despite all of these challenges
sometimes things get really bad to wake
people up there is a spirit of revival
in awakening sweeping this country and I
will tell you we are on the steps of the
Capitol today claiming the promise that
second chance and see from there
then I will hear their prayers and I
will the United States

we are at
now
and


Good to see you.

Thank you. 

Thank you so much, President Falwell. God bless Liberty University.

I am thrilled to join you today at the largest Christian university in the world.

Today I want to talk with you about the promise of America.

Imagine your parents when they were children. Imagine a little girl growing up in Wilmington, Delaware during World War II, the daughter of Irish and Italian Catholic family, working class. Her uncle ran numbers in Wilmington. She grew up with dozens of cousins because her mom was the second youngest of 17 kids. She had a difficult father, a man who drank far too much, and frankly didn’t think that women should be educated.

And yet this young girl, pretty and shy, was driven, was bright, was inquisitive, and she became the first person in her family ever to go to college. In 1956, my mom, Eleanor, graduated from Rice University with a degree in math and became a pioneering computer programmer in the 1950s and 1960s.

Imagine a teenage boy, not much younger than many of you here today, growing up in Cuba. Jet black hair, skinny as a rail.

Involved in student council, and yet Cuba was not at a peaceful time. The dictator, Batista, was corrupt, he was oppressive. And this teenage boy joins a revolution. He joins a revolution against Batista, he begins fighting with other teenagers to free Cuba from the dictator. This boy at age 17 finds himself thrown in prison, finds himself tortured, beaten. And then at age 18, he flees Cuba, he comes to America.

Imagine for a second the hope that was in his heart as he rode that ferry boat across to Key West, and got on a Greyhound bus to head to Austin, Texas to begin working, washing dishes, making 50 cents an hour, coming to the one land on earth that has welcomed so many millions.

When my dad came to America in 1957, he could not have imagined what lay in store for him. Imagine a young married couple, living together in the 1970s, neither one of them has a personal relationship with Jesus. They have a little boy and they are both drinking far too much. They are living a fast life.

When I was three, my father decided to leave my mother and me. We were living in Calgary at the time, he got on a plane and he flew back to Texas, and he decided he didn’t want to be married anymore and he didn’t want to be a father to his 3-year-old son. And yet when he was in Houston, a friend, a colleague from the oil and gas business invited him to a Bible study, invited him to Clay Road (ph) Baptist Church, and there my father gave his life to Jesus Christ.

And God transformed his heart. And he drove to the airport, he bough a plane ticket, and he flew back to be with my mother and me.

There are people who wonder if faith is real. I can tell you, in my family there’s not a second of doubt, because were it not for the transformative love of Jesus Christ, I would have been saved and I would have been raised by a single mom without my father in the household.

Imagine another little girl living in Africa, in Kenya and Nigeria. That’s a diverse crowd.

Playing with kids, they spoke Swahili, she spoke English. Coming back to California.

Where her parents who had been missionaries in Africa raised her on the Central Coast. She starts a small business when she’s in grade school baking bread. She calls it Heidi’s Bakery. She and her brother compete baking bread. They bake thousands of loaves of bread and go to the local apple orchard where they sell the bread to people coming to pick apples. She goes on to a career in business, excelling and rising to the highest pinnacles, and then Heidi becomes my wife and my very best friend in the world.

Heidi becomes an incredible mom to our two precious little girls, Caroline and Catherine, the joys and loves of our life.

Imagine another teenage boy being raised in Houston, hearing stories from his dad about prison and torture in Cuba, hearing stories about how fragile liberty is, beginning to study the United States Constitution, learning about the incredible protections we have in this country that protect the God-given liberty of every American. Experiencing challenges at home.

In the 1980s, oil prices crater and his parents business go bankrupt. Heading off to school over a thousand miles away from home, in a place where he knew nobody, where he was alone and scared, and his parents going through bankruptcy meant there was no financial support at home, so at the age of 17, he went to get two jobs to help pay his way through school.

He took over $100,000 in school loans, loans I suspect a lot of ya’ll can relate to, loans that I’ll point out I just paid off a few years ago.

These are all of our stories. These are who we are as Americans.

And yet, for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant. What is the promise of America? The idea that -- the revolutionary idea that this country was founded upon, which is that our rights don’t come from man. They come from God Almighty.

And that the purpose of the Constitution, as Thomas Jefferson put it, is to serve as chains to bind the mischief of government.

The incredible opportunity of the American dream, what has enabled millions of people from all over the world to come to America with nothing and to achieve anything. And then the American exceptionalism that has made this nation a clarion voice for freedom in the world, a shining city on a hill.

That’s the promise of America. That is what makes this nation an indispensable nation, a unique nation in the history of the world.

And yet, so many fear that that promise is today unattainable. So many fear it is slipping away from our hands.

I want to talk to you this morning about reigniting the promise of America: 240 years ago on this very day, a 38-year-old lawyer named Patrick Henry...

... stood up just a hundred miles from here in Richmond, Virginia...

... and said, “Give me liberty or give me death.”

(APPLAUSE) I want to ask each of you to imagine, imagine millions of courageous conservatives, all across America, rising up together to say in unison “we demand our liberty.”

Today, roughly half of born again Christians aren’t voting. They’re staying home. Imagine instead millions of people of faith all across America coming out to the polls and voting our values.

Today millions of young people are scared, worried about the future, worried about what the future will hold. Imagine millions of young people coming together and standing together, saying “we will stand for liberty.”

Think just how different the world would be. Imagine instead of economic stagnation, booming economic growth.


Instead of small businesses going out of business in record numbers, imagine small businesses growing and prospering. Imagine young people coming out of school with four, five, six job offers.

Imagine innovation thriving on the Internet as government regulators and tax collectors are kept at bay and more and more opportunity is created.


Imagine America finally becoming energy self-sufficient as millions and millions of high-paying jobs are created.


Five years ago today, the president signed Obamacare into law.


Within hours, Liberty University went to court filing a lawsuit to stop that failed law.


Instead of the joblessness, instead of the millions forced into part-time work, instead of the millions who’ve lost their health insurance, lost their doctors, have faced skyrocketing health insurance premiums, imagine in 2017 a new president signing legislation repealing every word of Obamacare.


Imagine health care reform that keeps government out of the way between you and your doctor and that makes health insurance personal and portable and affordable.


Instead of a tax code that crushes innovation, that imposes burdens on families struggling to make ends met, imagine a simple flat tax...


... that lets every American fill out his or her taxes on a postcard.


Imagine abolishing the IRS.


Instead of the lawlessness and the president’s unconstitutional executive amnesty, imagine a president that finally, finally, finally secures the borders.



And imagine a legal immigration system that welcomes and celebrates those who come to achieve the American dream.



Instead of a federal government that wages an assault on our religious liberty, that goes after Hobby Lobby, that goes after the Little Sisters of the Poor, that goes after Liberty University, imagine a federal government that stands for the First Amendment rights of every American.

Instead of a federal government that works to undermine our values, imagine a federal government that works to defend the sanctity of human life...



... and to uphold the sacrament of marriage.



Instead of a government that works to undermine our Second Amendment rights, that seeks to ban our ammunition...


... imagine a federal government that protects the right to keep and bear arms of all law-abiding Americans.

Instead of a government that seizes your e-mails and your cell phones, imagine a federal government that protected the privacy rights of every American.

Instead of a federal government that seeks to dictate school curriculum through Common Core...

... imagine repealing every word of Common Core.


Imagine embracing school choice as the civil rights issue of the next generation...

... that every single child, regardless of race, regardless of ethnicity, regardless of wealth or ZIP Code, every child in America has the right to a quality education.


And that’s true from all of the above, whether is public schools, or charter schools, or private schools, or Christian schools, or parochial schools, or home schools, every child.

Instead of a president who boycotts Prime Minister Netanyahu, imagine a president who stands unapologetically with the nation of Israel.


Instead of a president who seeks to go to the United Nations to end-run Congress and the American people...


 imagine a president who says “I will honor the Constitution, and under no circumstances will Iran be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon.”


Imagine a president who says “We will stand up and defeat radical Islamic terrorism”



“and we will call it by its name.”


“We will defend the United States of America.”


Now, all of these seem difficult, indeed to some they may seem unimaginable, and yet if you look in the history of our country, imagine it’s 1775, and you and I were sitting there in Richmond listening to Patrick Henry say give me liberty or give me death.

Imagine it’s 1776 and we were watching the 54 signers of the Declaration of Independence stand together and pledge their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to igniting the promise of America.

Imagine it was 1777 and we were watching General Washington as he lost battle, after battle, after battle in the freezing cold as his soldiers with no shoes were dying, fighting for freedom against the most powerful army in the world. That, too, seemed unimaginable.

Imagine it’s 1933 and we were listening to President Franklin Delano Roosevelt tell America at a time of crushing depression, at a time of a gathering storm abroad, that we have nothing to fear but fear itself.

Imagine it’s 1979 and you and I were listening to Ronald Reagan.


And he was telling us that we would cut the top marginal tax rates from 70 percent all the way down to 28 percent, that we would go from crushing stagnation to booming economic growth, to millions being lifted out of poverty and into prosperity abundance. That the very day that he was sworn in, our hostages who were languishing in Iran would be released. And that within a decade we would win the Cold War and tear the Berlin Wall to the ground.

That would have seemed unimaginable, and yet, with the grace of God, that’s exactly what happened.


From the dawn of this country, at every stage America has enjoyed God’s providential blessing. Over and over again, when we face impossible odds, the American people rose to the challenge. You know, compared to that, repealing Obamacare and abolishing the IRS ain’t all that tough.

The power of the American people when we rise up and stand for liberty knows no bounds.


If you’re ready to join a grassroots army across this nation, coming together and standing for liberty, I’m going to ask you to break a rule here today and to take out your cell phones, and to text the word constitution to the number 33733. You can also text imagine. We’re versatile.

Once again, text constitution to 33733. God’s blessing has been on America from the very beginning of this nation, and I believe God isn’t done with America yet.


I believe in you. I believe in the power of millions of courageous conservatives rising up to reignite the promise of America, and that is why today I am announcing that I’m running for president of the United States.


It is a time for truth. It is a time for liberty. It is a time to reclaim the Constitution of the United States.

I am honored to stand with each and every one of you courageous conservatives as we come together to reclaim the promise of America, to reclaim the mandate, the hope and opportunity for our children and our children’s children. We stand together for liberty.

This is our fight. The answer will not come from Washington. It will come only from the men and women across this country, from men and women, from people of faith, from lovers of liberty, from people who respect the Constitution.

It will only come as it has come at every other time of challenge in this country, when the American people stand together and say we will get back to the principles that have made this country great. We will get back and restore that shining city on a hill that is the United States of America.

Thank you and God bless you.

WOW! God bless the Values Voter Summit…so I gotta ask, what are these things? Is Barack Obama coming? Let me say thank you to my friend Jim Bridenstine. What an incredible, powerful, fighting conservative. There’s an ancient Chinese curse: “May you live in interesting times.” These are interesting times.

Yesterday, Pope Francis was in Washington. Wonderful to welcome him here. I have to say, the press conference was a little awkward because every time the reporters addressed a question to your Holiness, Barack Obama answered.[Applause, Laughter]. And then today, the President of China, President Xi is in town. Media all across the world are reporting on this historic meeting of the world’s most powerful communist, and the president of China. [more applause, laughter].

How many of y’all have watched the Republican debates? How fantastic is it that we have such an array of young, charismatic, talented, principled leaders stepping forward to lead this party and this country?

And what a contrast … with the Democrats. I’m pretty sure the first Democratic debate is going to consist of Hillary Clinton and the Chipotle clerk. It is amazing to watch the Democrats as they keep moving their debates. First it was going to be August. Then it was going to be September, then it was October.They may move it to 2017. In a few months, we may see the first presidential debate in Leavenworth. If they can project a rainbow on the White House, maybe they can put bars on the windows. I’ll tell you, it’s not widely know, they had planned to have an earlier Democratic debate. The problem was, the debate invitation was emailed to Hillary.

I am so honored to be back with so many friends today. I want to say, my friend Tony Perkins, the Family Research Council, does incredible work in this country. You want to talk about a strong, principled conservative, who scares the living daylights out of Washington, but I have to tell you, Tony doesn’t scare Washington nearly as much as the men and women gathered in this ballroom. You want to know how much each of you terrify Washington? Yesterday, John Boehner was Speaker of the House. Y’all come to town, and somehow that changes. My only request, is can you come more often? Tony, we need to schedule these weekly. Once a week.

Listen, every one of us, we know our country is in crisis. We know that this isn’t a typical time in politics. We’re bankrupting our kids and grandkids. Our Constitutional rights are under assault, each and every day from Washington. As America has receded from leadership in the world, it is making the world a much more dangerous place, but I want to come to you this morning with a word of hope and encouragement and exhortation –– all across this country, the American people are waking up, and I’ll tell you today, help is on the way. I want to ask everyone here to look forward, look forward to January 2017.

If I am elected president, let me tell you what I’ll do on the first day in office.

The first thing I intend to do is rescind every single illegal and unconstitutional Executive Action. The president tells us he has a phone and he has a pen, well you live by the pen, you die by the pen. My pen has got an eraser.

Sadly, the corruption’s not been limited to the White House. It has extended across every agency of the federal government, and the second thing I intend to do on my first day in office is to instruct the Department of Justice to open an investigation into Planned Parenthood and these horrible videos, and to prosecute any and all criminal conduct by that organization. The administration of justice should be blind to party or ideology. The only fidelity of the Department of Justice should be to the laws and the Constitution of the United States of America.

The third thing I intend to do on the first day in office is to instruct the Department of Justice and the IRS, and every other federal agency that the persecution of religious liberty ends TODAY! That means that every service man and woman can worship the Lord God Almighty, with all of his heart, mind and soul, and his Commanding Officer has nothing to say about it. That means the Little Sisters of the Poor, who Pope Francis visited this week, will find that the case against them has been dismissed.

You know, Kim Davis is here. Just a couple of weeks ago I had the opportunity to visit Kim in a Kentucky jailhouse. Now six months, a year ago, if I had come and said that a Christian woman was going to be thrown in jail, locked up in jail for living her faith, the media would have dismissed me as a nutcase. That’s where we are today. Kim and I embraced, and I told her, I said ‘Kim, thank you. You are inspiring millions across this country by standing for your faith.’

The Book of Acts tells us that when Paul and Cyrus were in jail that God brought an earthquake and broke open the jail cell. What I told Kim is that you are being lifted up in prayer by millions of believers across America, and across the world. You may have thought you were alone in that jail cell, but you didn’t understand how crowded it was. And I’ll tell you Kim’s very simple response. She smiled and pointed up and said ‘to God be the glory.’

The fourth thing I intend to do on the first day in office, is to rip to shreds, this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal. The single greatest national security threat facing America is the threat of a nuclear Iran. I gotta tell you, I can’t wait to stand on a debate stage next to Hillary Clinton, and to make very clear to the American people, if you vote for Hillary Clinton, you are voting for Iran to acquire nuclear weapons. If you vote for me, under no circumstances will a nation led by a theocratic Ayatollah, who chants ‘Death to America,’ under no circumstances will Iran be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons. If the Ayatollah doesn’t understand that, we may have to introduce him to his seventy-two virgins.

The fifth thing I intend to do on the first day of office is begin the process of moving the American Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, the eternal capital of Jerusalem.

That’s Day One!

There are 365 days in a year. Four years in a presidential term. Four years in a second term. By the end of eight years, this ballroom is going to be a whole lot bigger. By the end of eight years there’s going to be a whole of reporters and journalists who check themselves into therapy.

In the days that follow, I will go to Congress and we will repeal every word of ObamaCare. In the days that follow I will instruct the federal Department of Education, which should be abolished, that Common Core ends today.

In the days that follow, we will honor our military. We will honor the commitments made to our Soldiers and Sailors, and Airmen and Marines, and we will protect our service members right to keep and bear arms and defend themselves. That means, the next time a jihadist walks into a recruiting center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, he’s going to encounter the business end of firearms wielded by a dozen Marines.

In the days that follow, we finally, finally, finally secure the borders and end sanctuary cities. We will stop the indefensible practice of releasing violent criminal illegal aliens. We will pass Kate’s Law.

In the days that follow, we will take on the EPA and the CFPB [Consumer Financial Protection Bureau], and the alphabet soup of government agencies that strangle small businesses, and we will unleash booming economic growth.

In the days that follow, I will go to Congress and we will pass fundamental tax reform and we will pass a simple flat tax where every American can fill out his or her taxes on post card. When we do that, we should abolish the IRS.

Some of you may be thinking, that makes common sense to me. Live within your means. Don’t bankrupt our kids and grandkids. Follow the Constitution. But can we do it? Can it be done? Scripture tells us there is nothing new under the sun. I think where we are today is very, very much like the late 1970s. Same failed economic policies. Same misery. Stagnation and malaise. The same feckless and naive foreign policies. In fact, the exact same countries: Russia and Iran, openly laughing at, and mocking, the President of the United States. Why is it that analogy gives me so much hope and optimism? Because we know how that story ended.

All across this country, millions of men and women rose up and became the Reagan Revolution. It didn’t come from Washington. Washington despised Ronald Reagan. By the way, if you see a candidate that Washington embraces, run and hide. It turned this country around, and I’m here to tell you the same thing is happening again.

All over this country, millions of men and women are waking up. Do you know that since this campaign has started, out of seventeen Republican candidates, you know which campaign raised the most hard money? WE DID! To date, over 300,000 contributions. People all over the country coming to TedCruz.org. TedCruz.org. TedCruz.org.

The people are waking up. Let me tell you what Washington wants. Washington wants us divided. Washington wants Conservatives split: a chunk of Evangelicals here, a chunk of Conservatives over here, a chunk of Libertarians over here, a chunk of Tea Party folks over here. That’s how, if we are splintered that a moderate establishment candidate runs up the middle with 23 percent of the vote, steals the nomination and then loses to Hillary Clinton in the General Election. You know what, we’ve seen that movie before.

I’m not interested in going to see Rocky 19. We have a simple task before us. If Conservatives unit, we win. I’m here to ask each and every one of you to stand. Stand in your faith, stand in your principles. Come together. How do we turn this country around? Just like in 1980, we rise up as We The People, and we say ‘we will defend this last, best hope for mankind, this shining city on a hill, that is the United States of America.’

Today, there is no greater threat to U.S. national security than the prospect of a nuclear Iran. Led by theocratic zealots who have pledged to “annihilate Israel” and who regularly lead chants of “Death to America,” an Iran with nuclear weapons poses an unacceptably high risk of murdering millions of Americans or millions of our allies.

For that reason, the top priority for the Senate should be to stop a bad Iran deal.

The Senate is now considering the Iran Nuclear Review Agreement Act
(Corker-Cardin), which provides that any Iran deal must be submitted to Congress. This legislation started out with good intentions, and I supported moving it forward in committee. Indeed, I support anything that slows down the Obama administration’s headlong rush into finalizing an Iran deal that jeopardizes U.S. national security.

On the floor of the Senate, however, I intend to press vigorously for a critical amendment to this legislation. At the end of the debate, if this bill is not strengthened, I will have a great deal of difficulty supporting it.

Right now, the President has statutory authority to relax some Iran sanctions, and he has the constitutional authority to try to negotiate with foreign nations any deal he desires. Yet we must remember that in order for any foreign deal to become binding U.S. law, there are two and only two paths under our Constitution: First, he can submit his proposal as a treaty to the Senate, which requires 67 votes for ratification. Or second, he can submit it as legislation, get a
majority vote in both Houses of Congress, and then sign it into law.

President Obama chafes at these constitutional requirements. The current Iran deal is so bad on the merits that he knows that it cannot meet either threshold. Hence, the Administration has suggested it wants to circumvent Congress, perhaps by trying to go the United Nations for ratification. But the UN, likewise, lacks the authority to create binding U.S. law. If it is not codified in a treaty or a
statute, a UN resolution cannot bind the next President.

So what does Corker-Cardin do? It requires the President to submit an Iran deal to Congress, and then it provides that Congress can pass a “resolution of disapproval” to kill the deal. Any such resolution would be subject to a possible Democratic filibuster, which would take 60 votes to overcome. And, even if both Houses were to pass a resolution of disapproval, President Obama could veto it, which would then require two-thirds of the House and two-thirds of the Senate to override.

If those super-majorities cannot be mustered, the President’s bad Iran deal would go into effect.

Thus, Corker-Cardin motion of disapproval reverses the ordinary presumptions. Instead of the President needing 67 Senate votes to ratify the Iran deal, it would now require 67 votes to stop an Iran deal.

This makes no sense. Why is the current legislation so weak? Because the price of getting support from Democratic senators has been to water down the legislation to the point where it is almost entirely meaningless.

As written, the legislation would do two things. First, it would provide Democratic senators with a show vote to say they were tough on Iran (before tacitly approving it). Second, it would virtually ensure that President Obama’s bad Iran deal—which endangers the lives of millions of Americans—stands.

President Obama’s proposed deal makes military conflict with Iran a virtual certainty. Under the terms that have been publicly announced, Iran will keep its nuclear centrifuges, will keep its enriched uranium, and will keep developing its ICBM program (which exists for the sole purpose of carrying a nuclear weapon to America). Under the terms of the deal, Iran will receive billions of dollars — which it will surely use to keep developing nuclear weapons. And, because Iran will remain the leading state sponsor of terrorism (the deal does nothing to change that), those billions of dollars will also be funneled directly to Hezbollah and Hamas and radical Islamic terrorists across the world.

Along with Sen. Pat Toomey, I have introduced an amendment to switch the presumption of power back where it belongs: to Congress.

If the President cannot secure either a majority in both Houses, no sanctions relief should be implemented.

Without this amendment, Corker-Cardin will likely do more harm than good—simply providing political cover for a bad Iran deal (which is why the Obama administration is now supportive of the legislation).

President Obama is fond of posing a false dichotomy: either you support his current Iran deal, or you want war. But, as Israel‘s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rightly observed, “a bad deal is worse than no deal.” As it stands, Corker-Cardin is a bad deal that paves the way for the President’s worse deal with Iran.

In January 2017, we will have a new President. He or she will likely encounter an Iran on the verge of acquiring nuclear weapons. If President Obama has implemented his bad deal—if he has unraveled the international consensus in favor of strict sanctions on Iran—then sanctions will in all likelihood be impossible to re-impose. Doing so would take months or years (if at all), probably too far out to prevent a nuclear Iran.

Thus, the next president would be left with two choices: acquiesce to Iran having nuclear weapons (which it could then use to murder Americans and our allies), or launch a targeted military attack to destroy Iran’s nuclear capacity.

The Obama deal makes those the only two realistic options in 2017. That’s why the Senate should stop it. Peace through strength is the only way both to avoid war and to prevent a nuclear Iran.

And that is why we need Iran sanctions legislation with teeth.

A year ago today, the Iraqi city of Mosul fell to Islamic State militants, an event that should have shattered any lingering illusions that Islamic State was the "JV" of radical Islamic terrorist groups. For the past 12 months we have seen its vicious campaign to establish a new Caliphate carved out of Syria and Iraq play out on computer and television screens across the globe. We have seen American, Israeli, British and Japanese captives beheaded. We have seen a brave Jordanian pilot burned alive. We have seen mass executions of Egyptian Christians. We have seen the civilian populations of Syria and Iraq brutalized, with woman and children crucified, raped, tortured and forced to accept the Sharia law imposed by the Islamic State.

While these atrocities have grabbed the headlines, Islamic State has also been engaged in a steady campaign of territorial expansion, both in the region and beyond. Other major Iraqi cities, including Fallujah and Ramadi, have fallen to the Islamic State. It has extended its operations to Libya and allied with Boko Haram in Nigeria. So-called "lone wolf" plots to attack us here at home have cropped up from Texas to Massachusetts.

Just this week, the Islamic State has captured dozens of Eritrean Christians in Libya and announced its intention to conquer the Iraqi capital of Baghdad, a threat that may be more sensational than real, but which demonstrates its broadening ambitions. Even more disturbingly, reports are surfacing that the Islamic State may be working on chlorine-based chemical weapons and even a crude "dirty bomb" fashioned out of the radioactive material seized from Iraqi medical facilities.

Even so, Islamic State is not yet invincible, and we should not fall into the trap of thinking it cannot be defeated. Determined efforts against it have proved effective, for example at Tikrit in Iraq and Kobani in Syria. But Tikrit was captured by the Iran-backed Shiite militias, some of whom have proven almost as vicious as the Islamic State. Kobani was defended by the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, not the Iraqi Security Forces (ISF). And these defeats have proven isolated events, while the larger momentum has been in Islamic State's favor.

It's time to tell the American people the truth. One year into the program, we must admit that the Obama administration strategy, which has consisted of a limited U.S. air campaign, a program to train and equip the ISF and a directive to achieve sectarian political reconciliation in Baghdad, is failing.

Unfortunately, the administration cannot see this simple truth. While the president did admit this week that his strategy is imperfect and lacking in details, his solution appears to be more of the same as he recommended more trainers and made increasingly desperate pleas to Baghdad to fill in the blanks.

Enough. We can't afford another year of deliberation and half-hearted measures that will only further embolden Islamic State and tip it toward victory. What we have been doing isn't working, and doubling down on a failed strategy will not result in success. There are still choices besides continuing President Obama's botched strategy, or re-deploying tens of thousands of American combat troops to Iraq.

For starters, we have to stop understanding the mission against the Islamic State as an extension of the 2003 invasion to topple Saddam Hussein, which then mushroomed into an effort to turn Iraq into a western-style democracy. Our mission now should be to destroy the Islamic State terrorists whose avowed purpose is to harm America and our allies, not to turn Iraq into a democratic utopia.

Given the dysfunctional state of Iraq, we also need to let go of the fantasy that the ISF is going to be our boots on the ground. The fact is, as Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren admitted this week, that we simply do not have the requisite number of Iraqi recruits to make this strategy effective. It doesn't matter how many trainers we send if there is no one there for them to train.

The goal of political reconciliation in Baghdad, which the administration has also prioritized, has proven equally illusory. We are marking another unhappy anniversary this month—the anniversary of Haider al-Abadi becoming prime minister of Iraq. While Shia, there were hopes among the Sunni Arab nations such as Egypt and Jordan that Mr. al-Abadi would reverse the disastrous sectarian policies of his predecessor, Nouri al-Malaki, and bring Iraq together to fight the existential threat of the Islamic State.

However well intentioned he may be, however, Mr. al-Abadi has not been able to perform this miracle. Surrounded by entrenched al-Maliki loyalists, he has taken no significant actions to reduce the militant Shiite influence of Iran or to liberate the Sunni territory invaded by Islamic State. Absent a dramatic shift in the prime minister's policies — something that would have to come from within his administration and cannot be imposed by the U.S. — making political reconciliation in Baghdad a keystone of our strategy dooms it from the get-go.

It is time to shake free of the failures of the past year and engage in some fresh thinking. In last weekend's Washington Post, retired Air Force Lt. Gen. David Deptula proposed an alternative strategy, which would consist of exploiting our asymmetric advantage over the Islamic State through an overwhelming air campaign unfettered from the rigid and restrictive targeting rules ostensibly designed to protect civilians, but which have effectively enabled Islamic State to continue oppressing them. The recent election in Turkey, a rebuke to the anti-American President Tayyip Erdogan, who has refused us access to the NATO air base at Incirlik, might present an opportunity for us to press for use of this vital asset.

We might also look into by-passing Baghdad to arm the Kurds directly to ensure the free flow of ammunition and heavy weapons, and then embed our special operations troops with them to provide the targeting intelligence our air campaign requires. The Kurds have proven their value in battle against Islamic State, and we should allow them to help us while providing them the assistance they need.

For our allies such as Israel, Jordan and Egypt, such actions would be a welcome demonstration of decisive and engaged American leadership. The United States is blessed with the greatest fighting force in the history of the planet, and the destruction of the Islamic State is not beyond our capability, especially when we work with our effective regional partners. But if we hope to get the job done before it is too late, we must make clear that that is of our mission.

Over the last week, the world has once again looked on aghast as President Vladimir Putin has taken violent advantage of regional instability to re-establish Russia's influence, this time in the Middle East. Despite promises to join the United States in a counterterrorism effort against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, Putin is on a mission to protect Russian assets in the Mediterranean by propping up his client, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Meanwhile, the Obama administration has been caught flat-footed as Putin's actions threaten to inflame and destabilize an already acute crisis.

Enough already. We don't need a reset. We need a reality check.

Putin has been unmoved by the Obama administration's threats of isolation on the international stage, and economic sanctions have on their own been no deterrent to his opportunistic behavior. More of the same will not result in success.

We need a coherent plan to address both the specific crisis in Syria and the challenge posed more broadly by Putin's resurgent Russia. The good news is that America still has options -- if our leaders can summon the will to exercise them.

For starters, in Syria we can't double down on the failed strategies that have given Putin his opportunity to intervene. We are now two years out from President Obama's proposed intervention after al-Assad used chemical weapons against his own people.
Some of my Senate colleagues vocally supported the administration's plan to strike al-Assad. Others opposed, on principle, intervention of any sort in Syria. While I understood how important it was for Obama to enforce his own "red line," I was skeptical of the proposal on the grounds that I did not think a "pinprick" strike that was "unbelievably small" and designed to "enforce international norms" would effectively further America's national security interests.

As it turned out, the President rescinded his request to Congress to authorize military force against Assad. He instead opted to partner with Putin in an effort to remove chemical weapons from Syria, an arrangement that gave the Russian strongman his first toehold in the region.

We are now more than a year -- and more than $4 billion -- into Obama's military effort against ISIS, which has been a failure. Despite the exemplary bravery and professionalism of our men and women in uniform, they are being deployed to execute a strategy so opaque and confused, under rules of engagement so restrictive, that there can be no hope for victory.

The $500 million training and equipping of the Syrian "moderate" opposition that Obama and his supporters have insisted would provide a viable alternative to al-Assad has utterly collapsed, with a pitifully small handful of fighters either defecting, dead or swept aside by Putin's airstrikes.
Meanwhile, the government of Iraq remains paralyzed by sectarian conflict and increasingly under the sway of Tehran, and as such unable to muster an effective offensive against ISIS, despite a steady stream of American support in the form of regular supplies of arms and thousands of ground troops.

If we want to actually dismantle ISIS, we need to dramatically change course. We need a real, robust campaign that maximizes our overwhelming air advantage. We need to focus our efforts not on trying to create friends, but on supporting our real ones, especially the Kurds in Iraq and Syria who have actually had success against ISIS. And rather than pouring more resources into a dysfunctional Baghdad, we should extend consistent, robust assistance to our regional allies -- Israel, Egypt and Jordan -- who are on the front lines of this fight.

These actions would demonstrate real American resolve to dismantle ISIS without entangling us in some sort of devil's bargain with al-Assad or the Iranians. And they would demonstrate to Putin that we will not allow him to move unimpeded into the region to advance an agenda that is contrary to our own.

There is also the larger issue of how we will confront a Russia that has been emboldened by six and a half years of American weakness. But we know perfectly well how to reverse this situation. Putin himself has told us what he fears the most. According to his September 2013 op-ed in The New York Times, it is American exceptionalism.

It is dangerous to dictators like Putin when Americans remember their exceptionalism. The unique combination of power and principle that has made the United States the greatest force for good on the planet has historically posed a grave threat to repressive bullies.

We have a successful model in front of us of how to deal with Russia without creating a diplomatic crisis. We can emulate the decisive actions that empowered Ronald Reagan to win the Cold War without firing a shot.

We can highlight human rights, and aggressively expand and enforce the Magnitsky Act, which targets Russian officials accused of human rights abuses. We can redouble our efforts to develop the defensive weapons that neutralized the offensive Soviet threat -- particularly missile defense, which has seen a 25% budget reduction under Obama, according to an analysis from the conservative Heritage Foundation, and has been constrained by bad arms deals like New START.

We should not only move quickly to install the canceled interceptor sites Putin opposed in Poland and the Czech Republic, but also to develop the next generation of systems that will only increase his discomfiture.

These options do not entail a ground war in Syria, yet would effectively shake us free from the failed policies that have brought us to our current impasse. These options set us on a new path that puts Putin on notice that the United States is reclaiming our traditional role as leader of the free world.

yesterday delivered a powerful speech on the Senate floor highlighting the many examples of Republican leadership surrendering to President Obama’s demands, including funding PlannedParenthood and the catastrophic Iran nuclear deal and reminding the Republican Party’s Capitol Hill leadership to keep their promises to the American people.  

Senator Cruz’s speech followed his attempt to obtain a vote on his amendment to end taxpayer funding of Planned Parenthood and the Iranian nuclear deal. His colleagues refused to allow him the courtesy of a roll-call vote on his motion, which would have allowed for consideration of his amendment.   

Senator Cruz’s floor speech was so powerful we’ve decided to present it in its entirety below: The text of Senator Cruz’s amendment can be found here,  video of the speech can be viewed through this link. 

Remarks of Senator Ted Cruz, September 28, 2015: 

“Mr. President, there is a reason the American people are fed up with Washington. There is a reason the American people are frustrated. The frustration is not simply mild or passing or ephemeral. It is volcanic. Over and over again, the American people go to the ballot box, over and over again, the American people rise up and say the direction we're going doesn't make sense. We want change. Over and over again, the American people win elections. In 2010, a tidal wave election. In 2014, a tidal wave election. And yet, nothing changes in Washington.  

“Mr. President, I'd like to share with you and the American people the real story of what is happening in Washington. Why is it that our leaders cannot stop bankrupting this country, cannot stop the assault on our constitutional rights, cannot stop America's retreat from leadership in the world? It's a very simple dynamic when you have two sides allegedly in a political battle. One side that is relentlessly, unshakably committed to its principles, and the other side that reflexively surrenders at the outset. The outcome is fore other detained.  

“I will give President Obama and the Senate Democrats credit. They believe in principles of big government. They believe in this relentless assault on our constitutional rights, and they are willing to crawl over broken glass with a knife between their teeth to fight for those principles. Unfortunately, leadership on my side of the aisle does not demonstrate the same commitment to principles. Now, how is it you might wonder that a preemptive surrender is put in place? Well, it all begins with the relatively innocuous statement there shall be no shutdowns. That is a statement leadership in both houses, Republican leadership in both houses has said: ‘We're not going to shut the government down.’ You could understand the folks in the private sector, folks at home – that sounds perfectly reasonable. Except here's the reality in Washington.  

“In today's Washington, there are three kinds of votes. There are, number one, show votes, show votes, show votes. Votes that are brought up largely to placate the voters where the outcome is fore other detained, where most Republicans will vote one way, Democrats will vote the other, Republicans will lose, and the conservatives who elected Republican majorities in both houses are supposed to be thrilled that they have been patted on the head and given their show vote that was destined to lose. We had a vote like that in recent weeks on Planned Parenthood. Leadership told us: ‘You should be thrilled. We voted on it. What else do you want?’ We voted on it in a context where it would never happen. And indeed it didn't. The second kind of vote are votes that simply grow government, that dramatically expend spending, expand corporate welfare, and those votes, Mr. President, those votes passed. Because you get a bipartisan coalition of Republican leadership and Democrat, both of whom are convinced that career politicians will get reelected if they keep growing and growing government, and in particular, handing out corporate welfare to giant corporations. Oh, boy, if you have got the lobbyists on K street pushing for something, you can get 60, 70, 80 votes in this chamber because Republican leadership loves it, and Democrats are always willing to grow government.  

“And then there's a third kind of vote. Votes on must-pass legislation. In an era when one side, the Democratic Party, is adamantly committed to continuing down this path that is causing so many millions of Americans to hurt, must-pass votes are the only votes that have real consequence in this chamber. They typically fall into one of three categories – either continuing resolution or an omnibus appropriation bill or a debt ceiling increase. Each of those three are deemed must-pass votes, and if you actually want to change law, those are the only hopes of doing so. But I mentioned before you have got one side that has preemptively surrendered. Republican leadership has said: ‘We will never, ever, ever shut down the government.’ And suddenly, President Obama understands the easy key to winning every battle. He simply has to utter the word ‘shutdown,’ and Republican leadership runs to the hills.  

“So President Obama demands of Congress fund every bit of Obamacare, 100 percent of it, and do nothing, zero, for the millions of Americans who are hurting, millions of Americans who have lost their jobs, who have lost their health care, who have lost their doctors, who have been worsted into part-time work, millions of young people who have seen their premiums skyrocket. President Obama says you can do nothing for the people that are hurting. Senate Democrats say: ‘We don't care about the people who are hurting. We'll do nothing for them.’ And here's the kicker. President Obama promises ‘if you try to do anything on Obamacare, I, Barack Obama, will veto funding for the entire federal government and shut it down,’ and Republican leadership compliantly says, ‘Okay, fine, we'll fund Obamacare.’  

“President Obama then – understanding he's got a pretty good trump card here he can pull out any time – next he says, ‘Okay, Republicans, fund my unconstitutional executive amnesty. It's contrary to law. It's flouting federal immigration law. But you, Republicans, fund it anyway, or else I, Barack Obama, will veto funding for the entire federal government and shut it down,’ and Republican leadership says at the outset, ‘Okay, we'll fund amnesty.’  

“And now you turn to Planned Parenthood. Barack Obama, this will surprise no one, says, ‘Fund 100 percent of Planned Parenthood with taxpayer money.’ Mind you, Planned Parenthood is a private organization. It's not even part of the government, but it happens to be politically favored by President Obama and the Democrats. Planned Parenthood is also the subject of multiple criminal investigations for being caught on tape apparently carrying out a pattern of ongoing felonies. In ordinary times, the proposition that we should not be sending your and my father’s taxpayer money to fund a private organization under multiple criminal investigations, that ought to be a 100-0 vote. But I mentioned before Barack Obama is absolutely committed to his partisan objectives. He is like The Terminator. He never stops. He never gives up. He moves forward and forward and forward. So what does he say? ‘If you don't fund this one private organization that's not part of the government, that's under multiple criminal investigations, I, Barack Obama, will veto funding for the entire federal government and shut it down.’ And what does Republican leadership say? Well, it will surprise no one. Republican leadership says, ‘We surrender. We will fund Planned Parenthood.’  

“You know, President Obama has negotiated a catastrophic nuclear deal with Iran. Republican leadership goes on television all the time and rightly says this is a catastrophic deal. The consequences are that it's the single greatest national security threat to America. Millions of Americans could die. Mr. President, I would suggest if we actually believed the words that are coming out of our mouths, then we would be willing to use any and all constitutional authorities given to Congress to stop a catastrophic deal that sends over $100 billion to the Ayatollah Khamenei. But yet, President Obama says he will veto the entire budget if we do, and to the surprise of nobody, Republican leadership surrenders.  

“You know, I will draw an analogy, Mr. President. It's as if in a football game at the beginning of the football game the two team captains go out to flip the coin and one team's coach walks out and says we forfeit, and they do it game after game after game. Right at the coin flip, leadership says: ‘We forfeit, we surrender, we, Republicans, will fund every single big-government liberal priority of the Democrats.’ Now, if a team did that, if an NFL team did that over 16 games, we know what their record would be. It would be 0-16. And, you know, I would be pretty sure that the fans who bought tickets, who went to the game, would be pretty ticked off as they watched their coach forfeit over and over and over and over again.  

“You want to understand the volcanic frustration with Washington? It's that the Republican leadership in both houses will not fight for a single priority that we promised the voters we would fight for when we were campaigning less than a year ago.  

“You know, this past week was a big news week in Washington. The Speaker of the House, John Boehner announced he was going to resign. There was lots of speculation around the media as to why the speaker of the house resigned. Mr. President, I'm going to tell you why he resigned. It's actually a direct manifestation of this disconnect between the voters back home and Republican leadership. Speaker Boehner and Leader McConnell had promised there will be no shutdown, so, therefore, they will fund every single priority of Barack Obama's. We are right now voting on what's called a clean CR. I will note it is clean only in the parlance of Washington, because what does it do? It funds 100 percent of Obamacare, 100 percent of executive amnesty. It funds all of Planned Parenthood. It funds the Iranian nuclear deal. It is essentially a blank check to Obama Barack. That is not very clean to me. That actually sounds like a very dirty funding bill, funding priorities that are doing enormous damage.  

“Now, in the Senate the votes were always there for a dirty CR, a CR that funded all of Barack Obama's priorities. The Democrats will all vote for it. Heck, of course they will. They've got the other side funding their priorities. Of course every Democrat will vote for that over and over and over again and twice on Sunday. And the simple reality on the Republican side is when leadership joins with the Democrats about half of the Republican caucus is happy to move over to that side of the aisle. So the votes were always preordained.  

“The motion I made just a moment ago was a motion to table the tree. You remember filling the tree? It’s something we heard about a lot in the previous congress. Harry Reid, the Democratic leader, did it all the time. Senators on this side of the aisle stood up over and over again and said it's an abuse of process. In fact, we even campaigned our leadership saying we're going to have an open amendment process. Yet, what's happened here is Majority Leader McConnell has taken a page out of Leader Reid's playbook and filled the tree. I moved to table the tree. And what you then saw was leadership denying a second. And what does denying a second mean? Denying a recorded vote. Why is that important? Mr. President, when you are breaking the commitments you've made to the men and women who elected you, the most painful thing in the world is accountability. When you are misleading the men and women who showed up to vote for you, you don't want sunshine making clear that you voted "No." A recorded vote means each senator's name is on it. Now, why did I move to table the tree? Simply to add the amendment that I had added, which would have, number one, said not one penny goes to Planned Parenthood. And, number two, not one penny goes to implementing this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal unless and until they comply with federal law, the Administration complies with federal law and hands over the full deal including the side agreements with Iran. What you saw was Republican leadership desperately does not want a vote on that.  

“Well, Mr. President, I intend tomorrow to make that motion again. And when I make that motion again, I would encourage those watching to see which senators are here to give a second or not and to vote yea or nay. I would note, by the way, when you deny a second, which is truly an unprecedented procedural trick. It used to be that was a courtesy that was afforded to all senators, indeed in the opposing party routinely over and over again when someone asked for a second everyone raises their hand but leadership discovered we can do this in the dark of night. But I encourage those watching to see, number one, when this motion is offered again, who shows up to offer a second and who either doesn't raise his hand or just doesn't come to the floor. One of the ways you avoid accountability is you somehow are somewhere else doing something really, really important instead of actually showing up to the battle that is waging right here and now.  

“But I would also encourage people to watch very carefully what happens after that. After that you have a voice vote. A voice vote is still a vote. Let's be clear, standing here on the floor, there were two senators -- Senator Lee and I -- who voted aye, who voted to table the tree and take up the amendment barring funding for Planned Parenthood and barring funds for this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal. The remaining senators on the Republican side -- you had Leader McConnell; you had Whip Cornyn; you had Senator Alexander; you had Senator Cochran -- those four senators voted loudly no. It’s still a vote, even thought it’s not a recorded vote. It's a vote on the Senate floor.  

“So why did Speaker Boehner resign? I mentioned to you that the votes were always cooked here. The Democrats plus Republican leadership and the votes that they bring with them ensure plenty of votes for a dirty CR, a CR that funds Obamacare, that funds amnesty, that funds Planned Parenthood, that funds this Iranian nuclear deal. But the House was always the bulwark.  

“Mr. President, you'll remember in 2013 when we had a fight over Obamacare – you were serving in the House at that time. In that fight, we never had the votes in the Senate. Actually, the Senate was under control of the Democrats. They were going to do anything they could to fund Obamacare, regardless of the millions of people hurting, but the House was bulwark in that house.  In particular, there was a core of 40 or 50 strong, principled conservatives who cared deeply about honoring the commitments they made to the men and women who elected them. That was always the strength we had in that fight.  

“It's been interesting reading some of the press coverage speculating that there would be some magic parliamentary trick that would somehow stop this corrupt deal. In the Senate there are no magic parliamentary tricks. When you have the Democrats plus Republican leadership and a chunk of the Republicans, those votes can roll over any parliamentary trick you might use. Even with the blood moon we just had, there are no mystical powers that allow you to roll over that.  

“But in the House, we’ve still got that 30, 40, 50 strong conservatives, so how is it that Speaker Boehner and Leader McConnell could promise there will never, ever be a shutdown? Because, I believe, Speaker Boehner has decided to cut a deal with Leader Nancy Pelosi, the leader of the Democrats, that this dirty CR that's going to be passed out of the Senate is going to go to the House, and the speaker is going to take it up on the floor, pass it with all the Democrats, just like Leader McConnell just did, and a handful of Republicans who will go with Republican leadership. A very significant percentage of Republicans will vote "No." But here is the problem. Speaker Boehner's done that more than once, and in this instance there were too many Republicans who were tired of seeing their leadership lead the Democrats, rather than lead the Republican party. I believe if speaker Boehner had done that, had passed a dirty CR funding Planned Parenthood, funding this Iranian nuclear deal, that he would have lost his speakership. A member of the House had introduced a motion to vacate the chair because House Republicans were fed up with their leader not leading, at least not leading their party, leading the Democratic Party. So, Speak Boehner faced a conundrum. If he does what he and Leader McConnell promised, which is fund all of Barack Obama's priorities, he would have lost his job. So what did he do? He announced he's resigning as speaker and resigning as a member of congress. That is unsurprising, but it also telegraphs the deal he's just cut. It's a deal to surrender and join with the Democrats. Notice he said he's going to stay a month. He's going to stay a month in order to join with the Democrats and fund Barack Obama's priorities.  

“Now let's talk about some of the substantive issues that we ought to be talking about. Let's start with Planned Parenthood. In the past couple of months a series of videos have come out about Planned Parenthood. To some of the people watching this, you may never have seen the videos. Why is that? Because the mainstream media has engaged in a virtual media blackout on them. NBC, CBS, ABC, the last thing they want to do is show these videos. If you watch Fox News you can see the videos. But the mainstream media, in the great tradition of Pravda, wants to make sure the citizenry doesn't see what's in “these videos. I would encourage every American, Republican or Democrat, regardless of where you fall on the right to life, even if, and in fact especially if you consider yourself pro-choice, just watch these videos. Go online and watch them, and ask yourself: ‘Are these my values? Is this what I believe?’ These videos show senior officials from Planned Parenthood laughing, sipping chardonnay and callously, heartlessly selling the body parts of unborn children over and over and over again. One senior official is caught on video laughing and saying she hopes she sells enough body parts of unborn children to buy herself a Lamborghini. Again, I would suggest just ask yourself: ‘Are these my values?’ 

“In another video, a lab tech describes a little baby boy, unborn, aborted, about two pounds, his heart still beating. She was instructed to insert scissors under his chin to cut open the face of this little boy and harvest his brain. Because the brain was valuable, Planned Parenthood could sell the brain. This is something out of brave new world. This is human beings. That little boy had a heart that was still beating, had a brain that was being harvested, and he had a soul. Given him by God Almighty, he was made in the image of God. And we are now a nation that harvests the body parts of little baby boys and girls. It is the very definition of inhumanity to treat children like agriculture, to be grown and killed for their body parts, to be sold for profit. 

“Now there is a reason that the media and the Democrats don't want these videos shown. Because anyone watching these videos will be horrified. But they're not just horrific, they are also prima facie evidence of criminal activity. There are multiple federal statutes, criminal statutes that Planned Parenthood appears to be violating, perhaps on a daily basis. The first and most direct is a prohibition on selling the body parts of unborn children for a profit. Federal criminal law makes that a felony with up to 10 years jail time. Now, these videos show them very clearly selling body parts. They also show them bartering over price. They'll argue it wasn't for a profit, but you watch these videos, you watch the undercover buyer saying how much will you give me for them? You see the Planned Parenthood official saying, ‘Well, how much can I get? I don't want to bargain against myself.’ On its face, that's evidence of bargaining for a profit. You want the highest price you can get. It's not tied to your cost. It's tied to whatever dollars, whatever revenue you can bring in.  

“And Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in this country. As another one of these videos reflects, it is a volume business, Planned Parenthood, taking the lives of unborn children and then selling them apparently for profit. It is also a federal criminal offense to alter the means of an abortion for the purpose of harvesting the organs of the unborn child. That's a separate criminal offense. On video after video you see Planned Parenthood officials say, ‘What parts would you like? We can perform a different abortion depending on what parts you want us to harvest.’ On the videos, they essentially admit to this crime. They are filmed in the act.  

“There is the third criminal offense that provides that you cannot harvest the organs of an unborn child without informed consent from the mother. And yet again, these videos seem to indicate that Planned Parenthood treats informed consent as a technicality that is sometimes complied with and sometimes ignored.  

“I will say, Mr. President, as an aside, ordinarily when a national organization is caught on film committing a pattern of felonies, the next steps are predictable. The Department of Justice opens an investigation. The FBI shows up and seizes their records. Everything on those videos suggests those felonies are still occurring today. What does it say about the Obama Justice Department that no one on the face of the planet believes there's any chance the Justice Department would even begin to investigate Planned Parenthood? What does it say about the most lawless, partisan Department of Justice that you've got this group, hey, it's a political ally of the president so that's apparently all that matters. If it's an ally of the president, it doesn't matter that they're videotaped committing felonies. The Department of Justice will not even look at it.  

“You know, I'm an alumnus of the U.S. Department of Justice. I was an associate deputy attorney general. I spent much of my adult life working in law enforcement. The Department of Justice has a long, distinguished record of remaining outside of partisan politics, of staying above the partisan fray, of being blind to party or ideology and simply enforcing the law or the Constitution. I'm sorry to say under Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch, the Department of Justice has completely besmirched that tradition. No one remotely believes that the Obama Justice Department will even begin to investigate this pattern of felonies. You don't see Democrats suggesting it. No one in the media suggests it. And, by the way, if this were a Republican Administration and the entity that admitted to a pattern of felonies was a private entity that supported Republicans, you would see on CBS, NBC, ABC an indictment clock every night. You would see the anchors saying, ‘When will this investigation open? When will they be indicted?’ Instead, the media pretends these videos don't exist.  

“In the face of what appears to be a national criminal enterprise, we're faced here with a much simpler question: Will we continue to pay for it? Will we continue to pay for it? With your and my tax dollars, will we send $500 million a year to a private organization to use to fund this ongoing criminal organization? And what's the position of the Democrats? Hear no evil, see no evil. They do not care. What Democrat do you see calling for the enforcement of criminal laws against Planned Parenthood? What Democrat do you see saying, at a minimum, ‘Let's not send taxpayer money to fund this?’ Not one. Not a single Democrat stood up and said that.  

“Let me ask you, Mr. President, what happens if Planned Parenthood gets indicted? Because even though the U.S. Department of Justice under President Obama has become little more than a partisan arm of the Democratic National Committee, there are state and local prosecutors that are investigating Planned Parenthood right now. If Planned Parenthood is indicted, do the Democrats maintain their wall of silence and say, ‘We're going to continue to fund them under indictment’? By all indications, yes. You haven't heard a single Democrat say, well, if they're indicted, then we'll stop.  

“Now, the response, Mr. President, from our leadership is we can't win this fight. That's their response. They say, well, we can't win the Planned Parenthood fight. Why? Because we don't have 60 votes. Because we don't have 67 votes. Mr. President, if that's the standard, then Republican leadership's standard is: We will only do whatever Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi approve of. That's what it means. You want to understand why the American people are frustrated? We were told, ‘If only we had a Republican House of Representatives, then things would be different.’ 2010, millions of us rose up in incredible numbers and won an historic tidal wave election. Mr. President, you were a youth minister, called to ministry. And yet you stood up and said, my country's in crisis. I'm going to stand and serve. The 2010 election was historic. And yet very little changed.  

“Then we were told, ‘Okay, we've got a House of Representatives, but the problem is the Senate. As long as Harry Reid is majority leader, we can't do anything.’ Over and over again, Washington gray beards would go on television and in gravelly tones, they would go on TV and say, ‘You cannot govern with one-half of one-third of government. The House of Representatives is not enough. But if we had the Senate, then things would be different. The problem is Harry Reid.’ 

“Mr. President, you'll recall during the fight over Obamacare, a number of members of this body, Republicans, said, ‘No, no, no, no, no, we can't fight on Obamacare. We have to wait until we have a Republican Senate to fight.’ So the American people obliged. In 2014, millions of us rose up – the second tidal wave election in a period of four years. We won nine Senate seats. We retired Harry Reid as majority leader. We won the largest majority in the House of Representatives since the 1920's. It's been now over nine months since we've had Republican majorities in both houses, and I ask you, Mr. President, what exactly have those Republican majorities accomplished?  

“I'll tell you, Mr. President, I've asked that question all over the country in town halls. I've never been in a town hall where the response spontaneously was not ‘Absolutely nothing.’ It's true in every state I've visited. And, sadly, my response over and over again is, you know, it's worse than that. I wish the answer were ‘Absolutely nothing.’ It would have been better if the Republican majorities had done absolutely nothing. Because what, in fact, have they done? Well, the very first thing that happened right after that election in November is we came back to Washington and Republican leadership joined up with Harry Reid and the Democrats and passed a trillion-dollar cromnibus bill that was filled with pork and corporate welfare, grew government, grew the debt. Then, Republican leadership took the lead in funding Obamacare. Then, Republican leadership took the lead in funding executive amnesty. Then, Republican leadership took the lead in funding Planned Parenthood. And then, astonishingly, Republican leadership took the lead in confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general. Now, I ask you, Mr. President, which one of those decisions is one iota different from what would have happened with Harry Reid and the Democrats in charge of this chamber? Those decisions are identical.  

“And I would note, by the way, with Loretta Lynch, the Republican majority could have defeated that nomination. The Senate majority leader could have done so. And yet, she looked at the Senate Judiciary Committee, she looked at the Senate, when asked how she would differ from Eric Holder's Justice Department, the most lawless and partisan Justice Department we'd ever seen, she said, ‘No way whatsoever.’ When asked to point to a single instance in which she'd be willing to stand up to President Obama to stop his lawlessness, to stop his abuse of power, she could not identify any circumstance in which she would ever stand up to the president who appointed her. Attorneys general from both parties have done that for centuries. Now, with Eric Holder, the Senate could be forgiven because his lawlessness manifested primarily after he was confirmed. With Loretta Lynch, she told us beforehand. She looked us in the eyes and said, ‘Hey, I'm going to do exactly what my predecessor has done.’ And Republican leadership confirmed her anyway. Is it any wonder the American people are frustrated out of their minds? We keep winning elections and the people we put in office don't do what they said they would do.  

“Now, some people across the country ask me, is Republican leadership just not very capable? Are they not that competent or are they unwilling to fight? And, Mr. President, it's neither. They're actually quite competent, and they're willing to fight. The question is what they're fighting for. There's a disconnect right now. If you or I go to our home states, we go to any gathering of citizens, we put up a whiteboard and we ask the citizens in the room, give me the top priorities you think Republican majorities in Congress should be focusing on – we wrote 20 priorities that came from the citizens of Oklahoma or the citizens of Texas or, for that matter, the citizens of any of the 50 states – those top 20 priorities, at least 18 of them would appear nowhere on leadership's priority list. On the other hand, if you drive just down the street in Washington to K Street – K Street is the street in Washington where the lobbyists primarily reside, where their offices are – If you get a gathering of corporate lobbyists that represent giant corporations and you ask them their top priorities, the list that comes out will not just bear passing similarity, it will be identical to the priorities of Republican leadership. That's the disconnect. You know why we're not here fighting on this? Because not giving taxpayer money to Planned Parenthood is not among the priorities of the lobbyists on K Street, so leadership is not interested in doing it. That's the disconnect.  

“Leadership does know how to fight. Just a couple of months ago dealing with the Export-Import Bank, we saw leadership in both chambers go to extraordinary lengths, Herculean procedural steps to try to reauthorize a classic example of corporate welfare, hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer-guaranteed loans to giant corporations. Now, for that leadership is incentivized because those corporations hire lobbyists, and those lobbyists distribute checks typically by the wheelbarrow. And there is no incentive greater in this body than getting reelected. And the view of leadership is: You get reelected by raking in the cash. How do you think we've gotten an $18 trillion national debt? Because the way you reach bipartisan compromise in this body today, in the broken world of Washington, is you grow and grow and grow government. You sit around in a room, you say, ‘I'll spend for your priority, your priority, your priority, your priority, another trillion dollars and we're done.’  

“The only people that lose are your children and mine. The only people that lose are the next generations who find themselves mired deeper and deeper and deeper in debt. I think of my little girls, Caroline and Catherine. They're seven and four. If we don't stop what we're doing, your children and my children will face a debt so crushing they won't be able to spend in the future, for the priorities of the future, for their needs, for their wants, for whatever crises come up that the next generation confronts. They'll spend their whole lives simply working to pay off the debts racked up by their deadbeat parents and grandparents. No generation in history has ever done this to their children or grandchildren. Our parents didn't do it to us. Their parents didn't do it to them. The reason is the corruption of this town. And it boils down to a simple proposition: The Democrats are willing to do anything to push their priorities. And the Republicans, the leadership is not listening to the men and women who elected us.  

“But it's actually an even deeper problem than that. On the Democratic side, the major donors that fund the Democratic Party, they don't despise their base. The billionaires who write the giant checks that fund President Obama and Hillary Clinton and the Democrats on that side of the aisle, they don't despise the radical gay rights movement or the radical environmentalist movement or all of the people that knock on doors and get Democrats elected. The simple reality is a very large percentage of the Republican donors actively despise our base, actively despise the men and women who showed up and voted you and me into office. I can tell you when you sit down and talk with a New York billionaire Republican donor -- and I have talked with quite a few New York billionaire Republican donors, California Republican donors, their questions start out as follows. First of all, you've got to come out for gay marriage, you need to be pro-choice, and you need to support amnesty That's where the Republican donors are. You wonder why Republicans won't fight on any of these issues? Because the people writing the checks agree with the Democrats.  

“Now, mind you, the people who show up at the polls, who elected you and me, and who elected this Republican majority, far too many of the Republican donors look down on those voters as a bunch of ignorant hicks and rubes. That's why leadership likes show votes. It wasn't too long ago when the Washington Cartel was able to mask it all with a show vote or two, and they'd tell the rubes back home, ‘See, we voted on it, we just don't have the votes.’  

“You know, when I was first elected to this body, many times I heard more senior senators saying some variation of the following: ‘Now, Ted, that's what you tell folks back home. You don't actually do it.’ Here's what's changed. The voters have gotten more informed. They now understand the difference between show votes and a real vote. They understand the vote we had a week ago on Planned Parenthood was designed to lose, to placate those silly folks that think we shouldn't be sending taxpayer funds to a criminal organization that is selling the body parts of unborn children. But on the actual vote that could change policy, leadership has no interest in fighting whatsoever. You know, in the past couple of weeks, one of my colleagues sent me a letter that really embodied the leadership message. This letter said, ‘Explain to me how you get 67 votes to defund Planned Parenthood. If you can't produce 67 votes, I won't support it.’ Mr. President, if that is our standard, then we should all be honest with the men and women who elected us. We do not have 67 Republican votes in this chamber, and there is no realistic prospect of our getting 67 votes any time in the foreseeable future. If the standard is unless you get 67 votes, Republican leadership will support no policy issue, then each of us when we run should tell the voters, ‘If you vote for me, I will support whatever policy agenda Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi decide because that's my standard if I don't have 67 votes.’ Do you ever recall Harry Reid and the Democrats saying how could we get Republican votes? No. Their side is absolutely committed to their principles. You don't see them holding back at all. If the standard is how do we get 67 votes, name one thing that leadership will fight for. Well, the answer, I mentioned there are three types of votes. They will fight for big government. They will fight to grow government. They will fight to expand corporate welfare. Well, that can indeed get 67 votes. But I have never been to a town hall once where citizens said to me: ‘The problem is we don't have enough corporate welfare. I need more subsidies for big business.’ If 100 percent of the agenda of Republican leadership is more subsidies for big business, what the heck are you and I doing in the Senate in the first place? That certainly wasn't why I ran, and I know it wasn't why you ran either. You don't have to win every fight. You don't have to fight every fight. But you do have to stand for something.  

“And let's look beyond Planned Parenthood for a minute. Let's look to Iran. Of all of the decisions that the Obama Administration has made, there may be none more damaging than this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal. If this deal goes through, there will be three consequences. Number one, the Obama Administration will become quite literally the world's leading financier of radical Islamic terrorism. Now, when I said that a couple of months ago, President Obama got very, very upset. He said it was ridiculous that I would say such a thing. But despite attacking me directly, President Obama didn't actually endeavor to refute the substance of what I'd said. So let's review the facts. Fact number one, Iran is today the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism. That fact is undisputed, even by this Administration. Fact number two, if this deal goes through, over $100 billion will go directly to Iran, to the Ayatollah Khamenei. And fact number three, if that happens, billions of those dollars will go to Hamas, to Hezbollah, to the Houthis, to radical Islamic terrorists across the globe who will use those billions to murder Americans, to murder Israelis and to murder Europeans.  

“You know, Mr. President, it's worth remembering 14 years ago this month the horrific terrorist attack that was carried out on September 11. Osama bin Laden hated America, but he never had billions of dollars. He never had $100 billion. The Ayatollah Khamenei hates America every bit as much as Osama bin Laden did, and this Administration is giving him control of over $100 billion. Imagine what bin Laden could have done. Look at the damage he did with 19 terrorists carrying box cutters. Now, imagine that same zealotry with billions of dollars behind it. The consequences of this deal could easily be another terrorist attack that dwarfs September 11 in scale, that kills far more than the roughly 3,000 lives that were snuffed out. Who in their right mind would send over $100 billion to a theocratic zealot who chants ‘Death to America’?  

“A second consequence of this catastrophic deal is that we're abandoning four hostages, four American hostages in Iranian jails. Pastor Saeed Abedini is an American citizen. His wife, Naghmeh, lives in Idaho. I’ve visited with Naghmeh many times. Pastor Saeed has two little kids who desperately want their daddy to come home. Pastor Saeed was sentenced to eight years in prison for the crime of preaching the gospel. Just last week was the three-year anniversary of Pastor Saeed's imprisonment. Reports are that he is being horribly mistreated, that his health is failing. And yet, President Obama cannot bring himself to utter the words ‘Pastor Saeed Abedini.’ A hundred billion to the Ayatollah Khamenei, and Pastor Saeed Abedini remains in prison. Also in prison is Amir Hekmati, an American marine the president has abandoned. Also in prison is Jason Rezaian, a Washington Post reporter. I know two of the reporters in the gallery, a colleague of yours, abandoned by President Obama in an Iranian prison, thrown in jail for doing his job reporting on the news. And Robert Levinson, whose whereabouts remain unknown. Why does the president refuse even to utter their names?  

“The third consequence of this deal is this deal will only accelerate Iran's acquiring nuclear weapons. Now, the Administration claims that the deal will prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. Why? Because they promise not to do it. We have learned from Iran they break their promises over and over and over again. And what we do know is that they will have an extra $100 billion to develop nuclear weapons with now -- I will say the Administration has laughingly suggested, well, they will use that on infrastructure to rebuild their roads, to rebuild their energy industry. Right now, they're sending vast sums to Hamas and Hezbollah, funding terrorism across the world, and they have those same infrastructure needs. With another $100 billion, you don't think they're going to funnel an awful lot of it to developing nuclear weapons. And I would point out it is not by accident that the Ayatollah Khamenei refers to Israel as the ‘Little Satan’ and America as the ‘Great Satan.’ This is the one threat on the face of the Earth that poses a real possibility of millions of Americans being murdered in the flash of an eye.  

“Now, everything I'm saying, the Republican leadership has said over and over again. And yet, Republican leadership refuses to enforce the terms of the Iran review legislation – federal law that the Administration is defying by not handing the entire deal over. I have laid out a clear path, a detailed path that leadership can follow to stop this deal. Leadership refuses to do so. Instead, we had a show vote that was designed to lose, and it did exactly what we expected. The Democrats by and large put party loyalty above the national security of this country, above standing with Israel, above protecting the lives of millions of Americans. If we really believed what so many of us have said, that this poses the risk of murdering millions of Americans, is there any higher priority? The most powerful constitutional tool Congress has is the power of the purse. If we had the ability to stop this deal and we don’t and millions of Americans die, how do we explain that to the men and women who elected us? Look, I'm not advocating that we fight willy-nilly. I'm advocating that we fight on things that matter.  

“Don't give $500 million to Planned Parenthood, a corrupt organization that is taking the lives of vast numbers of unborn children and selling their body parts in a criminal conspiracy directly contrary to federal law, and don't give $100 billion to the Ayatollah Khamenei, who seeks to murder millions. In both instances, those are defending life. And yet, Republican leadership is not willing to lift a finger. If only all the people who might be murdered by a nuclear weapon could create a PAC in Washington and hire some lobbyists, maybe leadership would listen to them then. But the truck driver at home, the waitress at home, the school teacher at home, the pastor, the police officer, the working men and women, the Washington cartel doesn't listen to them.  

“And I'll note where this deal is headed. In December, when this dirty continuing resolution expires, leadership is already foreshadowing they plan to bust the budget caps. Why? We talked about it at the beginning. Barack Obama has discovered, he says the word ‘shutdown,’ and Republican leadership screams, surrenders and runs to the hills. So Obama, understanding that quite well, says, ‘If you don't bust the budget caps, I'll shut the government down.’ And Republicans, in this bizarre process, Republican leadership will blame whatever Obama does on other Republicans. You noticed how much energy Leader McConnell devotes to attacking conservatives? You notice how much energy Speaker Boehner develops to attacking conservatives? 

“Just yesterday the speaker of the house went on national television, and on national television, he directed an obscene epithet at me personally. He's welcome to insult whomever he likes. I don't intend to reciprocate. But when has leadership ever showed that level of venom, that level of animosity to President Obama and the Democrats who are bankrupting this country, who are destroying the Constitution, who are endangering the future of our children and grandchildren, who are retreating from leadership in the world and have created an environment that has led to the rise of radical Islamic terrorism?  

“You know, one of the dynamics, Mr. President, we've seen in fight after fight is Harry Reid and the Democrats sit back and laugh. Why? Because it's Republican leadership that leads the onslaught, attacking conservatives saying, ‘No, you can’t and we won't do anything to stop Obamacare. No, you can't and we won't do anything to stop Planned Parenthood. No, you can't and we won't do anything to stop Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons.’ If Republican leadership really believes we can accomplish nothing, then why does it matter if you have a Republican House or Senate? Every two years come October, November, we tell the voters it matters intensely. To paraphrase the immortal words of Hillary Clinton, ‘what difference does it make?’ If the standard for Republican leadership is anything that gets 67 votes, we'll support. That means Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi remain the de facto leaders in the Senate and the House.  

“And I would note, by the way, if in December leadership goes through with their promise, or –not promise—but suggestion to bust the budget caps, they will have done something astonishing. Historically, the three legs of the conservative stool have been fiscal conservatives, social conservatives, national security conservatives. Between Planned Parenthood, Iran, and the budget caps, leadership will have managed to abandon all three. No wonder the American people are frustrated. No wonder the American people do not understand why leadership isn't listening to them.  

“I ask unanimous consent that my time be extended…The Democrats are objecting to my speaking further, and both the Democrats and Republican leadership are objecting to the American people speaking further. I yield the floor.”

WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) today spoke at the Stop the Iran Deal rally hosted and organized by Tea Party Patriots. Leading efforts to halt the Iran Nuclear Deal, Sen. Cruz underscored the dangers of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons, which would be funded and accelerated by this catastrophic deal.

“When we talk about terrorism, it’s worth remembering that if this deal goes through, we know to an absolute certainty people will die. Americans will die, Israelis will die, Europeans will die. Osama bin Laden never had $100 billion. He was filled with bilious hatred, and using rudimentary tools, murdered nearly 3,000 Americans on September 11, 2001. We’re now talking about giving the Ayatollah Khamenei--a theocratic homicidal maniac who hates America every bit as much as bin Laden did--giving him $100 billion to carry out his murderous plans,” Sen. Cruz said.

“I want to ask every Senate Democrat - how will you look in the eyes of every mother, or father, or sons or daughters, of those who are murdered by jihadists, those Americans who are blown up, those Americans who are shot, those Americans who are killed, those Israelis who are murdered? And let me be clear - if you vote to send billions of dollars to jihadists who have pledged to murder Americans, then you bear direct responsibility for the murders carried out with the dollars you have given them. You cannot wash your hands of that blood.” 

Sen. Cruz’s speech can be read in its entirety below and video can be viewed here. 

“God Bless the United States of America. What an incredible gathering here today. I want to speak to three groups of people.

“I want to start by speaking to the American people. This Iran Nuclear Deal is catastrophic. It is the single greatest national security threat facing America. If it goes through, there will be three consequences.

“Number one, the Obama Administration will become, quite literally, the world's leading financier of radical Islamic terrorism. If it goes through over 100 billion dollars will flow directly to Iran to the Ayatollah Khamenei and billions of those dollars will go directly to Hamas, to Hezbollah, to the Houthis, to radical Islamic terrorists across the world and those jihadists will use those dollars to murder Americans, to murder Israelis, to murder Europeans.

“The second consequence of this deal is that it abandons four American hostages in an Iranian hellhole, including Pastor Said Abedini, an American citizen, a Christian pastor sentenced to eight years in prison for the crime of preaching the gospel; including former Marine Amir Hekmati; including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian; and including Bob Levinson. It is a disgrace for this Administration to abandon Americans in Iranian hellholes. 

“But the third consequence of this deal going through if it does, is that it will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons. There is no greater threat to the safety and security of America, there is no greater threat to the safety and security of Israel, than a nuclear Iran. I agree with Prime Minister Netanyahu that a nuclear Iran poses an existential threat to the nation of Israel. And let me be clear, when he says existential, he doesn't mean a bunch of Frenchmen in black berets chain-smoking - he means literally going to the very existence of Israel.

“When Prime Minister Netanyahu addressed a joint session of Congress, a joint session that President Obama boycotted, that Vice President Biden boycotted, that every member of the Cabinet boycotted, I participated in a panel with Elie Wiesel, the Nobel laureate, the Holocaust survivor, and Elie Wiesel observed the one threat on the face of the earth capable of murdering 6 million Jews in an instant in a flash of light is a nuclear Iran. Elie Wiesel observed "never again means never again." 

“The second group I want to address are Democratic senators and Democratic members of Congress. Right now, today, 42 Senate democrats have come out in support of this deal. It is my hope and prayer that every one of those Senate Democrats reconsiders -- that they go home, and they fall to their knees, and they pray tonight. I agree with former Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman that this vote is quite likely the most important vote that any member of Congress, any member of the Senate, will cast in their entire career.

“There was a time when there was a tradition of Scoop Jackson Democrats, of JFK Democrats, of Joe Lieberman Democrats, of Democrats who were willing to defend national security.  Sadly, that is becoming rarer and rarer in today's Congress. So to every Democratic senator, they are facing a choice: do you value the safety and security of the United States of America; do you value standing with our friend and ally, the nation of Israel; do you value the lives of millions of Americans; or do you value more party loyalty to the Obama White House. To every Democratic senator who's said he or she will support this deal, I ask you to consider: how will you look in the eyes of the mothers and fathers of our soldiers, the hundreds of soldiers, American soldiers, who were murdered in Iraq with Iranian IEDs that came from General Soleimani. This deal lifts sanctions on General Soleimani. Tell me, if you're a Democratic senator, how you look a mom in the eye and say, "I voted to lift sanctions on the man who murdered your son when he was defending this nation."

“But beyond that, when we talk about terrorism, it's worth remembering that if this deal goes through, we know to an absolute certainty people will die. Americans will die, Israelis will die, Europeans will die. Osama bin Laden never had $100 billion. He was filled with bilious hatred, and using rudimentary tools, murdered nearly 3,000 Americans on September 11, 2001. We’re now talking about giving the Ayatollah Khamenei--a theocratic homicidal maniac who hates America every bit as much as Bin Laden did--giving him $100 billion to carry out his murderous plans.

“I want to ask every Senate Democrat - how will you look in the eyes of every mother, or father, or sons or daughters, of those who are murdered by jihadists, those Americans who are blown up, those Americans who are shot, those Americans who are killed, those Israelis who are murdered? And let me be clear - if you vote to send billions of dollars to jihadists who have pledged to murder Americans, then you bear direct responsibility for the murders carried out with the dollars you have given them. You cannot wash your hands of that blood. 

“And let me say to Republican leadership - well hold on, I come not to bury Caesar but to praise him - I want to give a path forward. There are two men in Washington, D.C. who can defeat this deal: their names are Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker John Boehner. Under the terms of the Corker-Cardin review legislation, the clock does not begin ticking until the President hands over the entire deal, and he has not handed over the side agreements. What that means is that all that has to happen is for Mitch McConnell and John Boehner to say, "The Congressional review period has not started, under federal law it is illegal for Obama to lift sanctions."

“Now, this is a lawless President. So the odds are significant even if Congress did that, this President would ignore the law and try to lift sanctions. But I want in particular to speak to the CEO and the Board of Director and General Counsel of every financial institution, every bank that is holding frozen Iranian money. If this President behaves illegally and decrees you can hand that money over to Iran, that does not exempt you from the legal obligation to follow the law. And any bank that listens to this President and releases billions to an international terrorist like the Ayatollah Khamenei will face billions of dollars in civil liability and litigation. And there will come a President who is not named Barack Obama. 

“Mitch McConnell and John Boehner can stop this deal if they simply enforce, if they simply enforce, federal law. 

“If Iran gets a nuclear weapon, the single greatest risk is they would take that nuclear weapon, they would put it on a ship anywhere in the Atlantic and they would fire it up straight into the air into the atmosphere. They would set off what's called an EMP- an electromagnetic pulse - it would take down the electrical grid on the entire Eastern seaboard, and kill tens of millions of Americans.

“We can stop that. But if Senate Democrats decide that party loyalty matters more than national security, and if Republican leadership decides that a show-vote is more important than stopping this deal, then the single most important issue in 2016 will be stopping Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon.

“And any Commander-in-Chief worthy of defending this nation should be prepared to stand up on January 20, 2017 and rip to shreds this catastrophic deal. Any Commander-in-Chief worthy of defending this nation should be prepared in January 2017 to look in the eyes of the Ayatollah Khamenei and say, "Under no circumstances does Iran led by a theocratic Ayatollah, who chants 'Death to America,' under no circumstances will Iran be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons. And if Iran will not stop its nuclear program, we will stop it for you."

“I want to thank everyone here for this rally. I want to thank the Tea Party Patriots. I want to thank the pro-Israel groups, the national security groups. I want to thank my friend Donald Trump for joining us today. I want to thank the leaders of Congress who are here, and I want to thank the American people.

“Let's rise up and tell every elected official in Washington, no more talk, no more show votes, get it done: stop this deal.

“Thank you and God bless you.”

Wow! God bless the Value Voters Summit.   

So I’ve got to ask, what are these things?  Is Barack Obama coming?   

Let me say thank you to my friend, Jim Bridenstine. What an incredible, powerful, fighting conservative.   

You know, there’s an ancient Chinese curse: May you live in interesting times. These are interesting times.

Yesterday Pope Francis was in Washington. Wonderful to welcome him here. I have to say, the press conference was a little awkward, because every time the reporters addressed a question to your holiness, Barack Obama answered.   

Well, and then today the president of China, President Xi, is in town. Media all across the world are reporting on this historic meeting of the world’s most powerful communist and the president of China. 

How many of you all have watched the Republican debates?    How fantastic is it that we have such an array of young, charismatic, talented, principled leaders stepping forward to lead this party and to lead this country?   

And what a contrast — (  ) — with the Democrats.    You know, I’m pretty sure the first Democratic debate is going to consist of Hillary Clinton and the Chipotle clerk.    And you know, it is amazing to watch the Democrats as they keep moving their debates. First it was going to be August, then it was September, then it was October. They may just move it to 2017.    You know, in a few months we may see the first presidential debate held at Leavenworth. (  ,   ,   .) You know, if they can put — project a rainbow on the White House, maybe they can put bars on the windows.    And I’ll tell you, they did actually plan — you know, this is not widely known — but they had planned to have an earlier Democratic debate. The problem was the debate invitation was emailed to Hillary.   

I am so honored to be back with so many friends today.    I want to say, my friend Tony Perkins, the Family Research Council, does incredible work in this country.    You want to talk about a strong, principled, conservative who scares the living daylights out of Washington. But I have to tell you, Tony doesn’t scare Washington nearly as much as the men and women gathered in this ballroom do.    You want to know how much each of you terrify Washington? Yesterday, John Boehner was speaker of the House.    Y’all come to town, and somehow that changes.    My own request is can you come more often?    Tony, we need to schedule these weekly — once a week.   

Listen, every one of us — we know that our country’s in crisis. We know that this is not a typical time in politics. We’re bankrupting our kids and grandkids. Our Constitutional rights are under assault each and every day from Washington. And America has receded from leadership in the world, it is making the world a much more dangerous place. But I want to come to you this morning with a word of hope and encouragement and exhortation. All across this country, this American people are waking up. And I’ll tell you today, help is on the way.    So I want to ask everyone here to look forward — look forward to January 2017. If I am elected president, let me tell you what I intend to do on the first day in office.

The first thing I intend to do is rescind every single illegal and unconstitutional executive action.    The president tell us he’s got a phone and he’s got a pen. Well, you live by the pen you die by the pen.    And my pen has got an eraser.    But sadly, the corruption’s not been limited to the White House. It has extended across every agency of the federal government.

And the second thing I intend to do on my first day in office is instruct the Department of Justice to open an investigation into Planned Parenthood and these horrible videos.    And to prosecute any and all criminal conduct by that organization.    The administration of justice should be blind to party of ideology. The only fidelity of the Department of Justice should be to the laws and the Constitution of the United States of America.   

The third thing I intend to do on the first day in office is instruct the Department of Justice and the IRS and every other federal agency, that the persecution of religious liberty ends today.    That means that every service man and woman can worship the lord God almighty with all of his heart, mind and soul, and his commanding officer has nothing to say about it.    That means the Little Sisters of the Poor, who Pope Francis visited this week, will find that the case against them has been dismissed.   

You know, Kim Davis is here.    Just a couple of weeks ago, I had the opportunity to visit Kim in a Kentucky jailhouse. Now, six months, a year ago, if I had come and said that a Christian woman was going to be thrown in jail, locked up in jail, for living her faith, the media would have dismissed me as a nutcase. That’s where we are today. And I’ll tell you, Kim and I, we embraced. And I told her, I said, Kim, thank you.    I said, Kim, you are inspiring millions across this country by standing for your faith.

You know, the Book of Acts tells us that when Paul and Silas were in jail, that God brought an earthquake and broke open the jail cell. And what I told Kim, is I said you are being lifted up in prayer by millions of believers across America and across the world.    You may have thought you were alone in that jail cell. You didn’t understand how crowded it was.    And I’ll tell you Kim’s very simple response. She smiled, she pointed out, and she said: To God be the glory.   

The fourth thing I intend to do on the first day in office is rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal.    The single greatest national security threat facing America is the threat of a nuclear Iran. I got to tell you, I can’t wait to stand on a debate stage next to Hillary Clinton —    — and to make very clear to the American people, if you vote for Hillary, you are voting for Iran to acquire nuclear weapons.    And if you vote for me, under no circumstance will a nation led by a theocratic ayatollah who chants death to America, under no circumstances will Iran be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons.    And if the ayatollah doesn’t understand that, we may have to help introduce him to his 72 virgins.   

The fifth thing I intend to do the first day in office is begin the process of moving the American embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, the once and eternal capital of Israel.   

That’s day one.    There are 365 days in a year, four years in a presidential term, and four years in a second term.    By the end of eight years, this ballroom is going to be a whole lot bigger.    And by the end of eight years, there are going to be a whole lot of reporters and newspaper editors and journalists who’ve checked themselves into therapy. 

In the days that follow, I will go to Congress and we will repeal every word of Obamacare.    In the days that follow, I will instruct the federal Department of Education, which should be abolished —    — I will instruct the federal Department of Education that Common Core ends today.   

In the days that follow, we will rebuild our military. We will honor the commitments made to our soldiers and sailors and airmen and Marines.    And we will protect our servicemen and women’s constitutional right to keep and bear arms and defend themselves.    That means the next time a jihadist walks into a recruiting center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, he’s going to encounter the business end of firearms wielded by a dozen Marines.   

In the days that follow, we will finally, finally, finally secure the borders and end sanctuary cities.    We will stop the indefensible practice of releasing violent criminal illegal aliens and we will pass Kate’s Law.   

In the days that follow, we will take on the EPA —    — and the CFPB and the alphabet soup of government agencies that strangle small businesses. And we will unleash booming economic growth.   

In the days that follow, I will go to Congress and we will pass fundamental tax reform. We will pass a simple flat tax —    — where every American can fill out his or her taxes on a postcard.    And when we do that, we should abolish the IRS.   

Now, some of you all may be thinking all of that makes sense to me. It’s basic common sense. Live within your means. Don’t bankrupt our kids and grandkids. Follow the Constitution. But can we do it? Can it be done?

You know, scripture tells us there’s nothing new under the sun. I think where we are today is very, very much like the late 1970s — same failed economic policies, same misery, stagnation and malaise, the same feckless and naïve foreign policy; in fact, the exact same countries — Russia and Iran — openly laughing at and mocking the president of the United States.

Now, why is it that that analogy gives me so much hope and optimism? Because we know how that story ended.    All across this country, millions of men and women rose up and became the Reagan revolution.    And it didn’t come from Washington. Washington despised Ronald Reagan. By the way, if you see a candidate who Washington embraces, run and hide.   

It turned this country around. And I’m here to tell you the same thing is happening again.    All over this country, millions of men and women are waking up. Do you know, since this campaign has started, out of 17 Republican candidates, do you know which campaign raised the most hard money? We did.    To date, over 300,000 contributions.    People all over the country coming to TedCruz.org. Ted Cruz.org. TedCruz.org.    The people are waking up.

And let me tell you what Washington wants. Washington wants us divided. Washington wants conservatives splintered. They want a chunk of evangelicals over here, a chunk of conservatives over here, a chunk of libertarians over here, a chunk of tea party folks over here. That’s how, if we are splintered, that a moderate establishment candidate runs up the middle with 23 percent of the vote, steals the nomination, and then loses to Hillary Clinton in the general election. (     .) You know what? We’ve seen that movie before. I’m not interested in going to see Rocky 19.   

We have a simple task before us. If conservatives unite, we win.    So I’m here to ask each and every one of you, stand. Stand in your faith. Stand with your principles. Come together. How do we turn this country around? Just like in 1980. We rise up as we, the people. And we say we will defend this last, best hope for mankind, this shining city on a hill that is the United States of America.   

Thank you and God bless you.   

