believable
I want to thank you you know there's
like seven accidents outside I have
never seen anything like it in tomorrow
but i think is going to be fine it stops
tonight at two o'clock we think so
nobody's going to have any excuses is an
incredible care we have a blizzard or at
least a very bad storm and dad this many
people I want to thank everybody you
know thank you
so this is now crunch time we've got a
movement going that's been incredible
everybody's talking about cover of Time
magazine last week they have a picture
of me from behind I was extremely
careful with my hair to have a massive
crowd out in front and they talk about a
movement and that's what it is it's a
movement folks it's a movement
and this is a movement where we say make
America great again we're gonna make
America great again we're gonna make
america greater than ever before it's
gonna be something really really special
what we're doing
has been done before they're all talking
about it you come from all over and
whether I go to dallas we add 21,000
people in dallas in the Mavericks arena
packed no matter where we go mobile
alabama 35,000 people the other night
the other night in South Carolina we had
12,000 people three days notice
12,000 people it's been incredible no
matter where we go and you look at
tonight in a blizzard we have I guess a
lot of people I don't know how but
there's a lot of people
people and I will mention names but I
said how many people are at the other
candidate ok the can-do known look at
this guy back there
look at that guy and believe it or not
this is do I look like that please tell
me I don't
yeah we've got all these trump
impersonator is please don't get up here
believe me I'd ever seen this guy before
I've never
come on up here no tell me this isn't
Rob look at this guy will you marry this
guy I don't know that's great
congratulations hope you make it a lot
of money ok so we have something very
very special going on we're going to
have a country that smart we're going to
have a country that stuff that makes the
proper decision that makes the right
deals are trade deals are so bad I have
the greatest deal makers in the world
the richest men the richest women people
that are truly successful the best
business people in the world we have in
this country we don't use them we used
political hacks these are political acts
to negotiate with China with Japan with
Russia with Mexico Mexico Mexico is
taking business away from us like you
wouldn't believe what are we gonna do
with mexico we're gonna build a wall
gonna build a wall and this is going to
be a real wall this is going to be a
wall thats good as the heroine and the
drugs from coming to New Hampshire but
this is gonna stop and my favorite part
I'll only do it once because I don't do
it all the time you know what's coming
but i wanna do it just one time because
there's just sort of our final lovefest
are right now tomorrow will be an even
better one but this is the one tomorrow
you have to get out and you have to vote
no matter wat i say it all the time if
you're sick if you really like you can't
move your trusted that get doctor tells
you it's not work in your wife is
disgusted with you she said I'm leaving
no matter wat she says darling I love
you but I've fallen in love with another
man I don't give a damn you gotta get
out to vote right right here gotta get
out to vote
my wife doesn't like it when I say that
she says you should say that but that's
ok speaking of my wife Melania come up
come on up
she is so great so understanding I took
the escalator ride down to remember the
famous it's the most famous in the world
right now I will say and I just takes
guts to run for president believe me
I've never done this before I've never
done it before but it does take guts and
I said you know what the top of the
escalator and look at back there look at
the press turned around to look at these
people look at that picture they say
they say they are by the way I look at
that Mika and Joe and Joe look at that
we've got them all we've got them all
but look at the press by any standard
they have I think 600 requests that
that's like darling the Academy Awards
the fact is there is something special
so I'm standing on top of the escalator
I looked down said you can take that and
double it and I said we have no choice
we have to do it and it does take
courage and I took a deep breath like
this and I said let's go and she has
been so unbelievable she has been so
understanding I've been campaigning
unbelievable unbelievable because I
never thought I'd say this you know I'm
a business guy create jobs etc right we
do great deals I've been working in
campaigning since June 16 just about
we've been number one in the polls every
single way
and I've been campaigning and I've been
away and it's been very tough but I will
tell you I've loved doing it i've met
the most unbelievable people I called
the liner all the time I say it's
incredible I say we had the most
incredible crowd in Dallas we had the
most incredible crowd in oklahoma she
said really I couldn't tell a show what
I mean you couldn't tell it was
broadcast live all over the United
States and beyond what the cameras never
leave my face I said what's going on and
then I figured out why nobody wants to
see that we have the biggest grants the
biggest crowd for a republican candidate
tonight is two hundred and twelve people
and look what we have is that look like
me and that's on top of the fact you
know we have four of our incredible
wonderful executives that have been
working with the whole group and they're
now lying on the side of the road there
an accident everybody's got accidents
and I want to make sure they're ok I
think they're ok hope they ok they are
if they're not nothing I can do at this
point so I just want to thank everybody
Milani you want to say hello
we love you and you have weed together
we will make America great again
she's gonna be a great first lady I want
to just tell you one thing one thing I
will judge she's beautiful but she's
more beautiful even on the inside she's
a great person and boy is she smart she
is smart and speaking of smart has
anybody ever heard of people of even
come on get up here
and there's Jared Jared sailor to the
crowd come on jet jared is a very very
successful real estate man in New York
I'm proud to Jared so it came as a vaca
from the apprentice they were begging us
NBC wanted to renew for a long time and
they wanted if they wanted done and Eric
I said I can't do it I really can't do
it Steve Burke came up with a great guy
from Comcast the boss came up to my
office he said Donna we wander into I
said Steve I think I'm running for
president this was about two months
before the famous escalator check i said
i think im running for president he
should Donald I don't think you are come
on let's read and then they went out at
the up-front and they announced that
were running and that we're gonna do The
Apprentice which caused me a lot of
problem because I told these guys are
running a nobody believed that after
they announced but one of the things
that they really like they just love
what they're really like that like the
ratings ok that's what they really like
but we renew the apprentice I told them
I'm not doing it and I'll tell you what
I don't care what happens no matter what
this has been the most expensive amazing
experience the most amazing experience
of my life and you people have made it
that way you people have made it that
way and I told Yvonne and I told the
kids that we're not going to do the
apprentice anymore we're gonna do this
we're gonna run even cares about two
weeks or maybe less from having a baby
and I think she's going to have a baby
maybe in iowa and i know that I would
have won iowa I probably did when it
anyway if you add the Carson votes
dunno if you add the Carson votes I
think I probably won't but we don't get
we only care about new hampshire right
now but i just want to tell you if she
has the baby tonight in new hampshire
that guarantees victory tomorrow please
even the baby tonight
new hampshire thank you so much it has
been amazing spending the last couple of
hours here and obviously over the
previous weeks I've been here quite a
bit but my father is called me so many
times and said just the energy the
enthusiasm the spirit of the crowds here
are amazing and it really encourages and
keeps the momentum going so thank you so
much for being here I have launched been
watching my father work his whole entire
life he's worked incredibly hard to
build an unbelievable business to
provide jobs for tens of thousands of
people that we employ at the Trump
Organization and to inspire each and
every one of those people
soda now see him working this hard for
all of you and that's what he wants to
do he wants to make America great again
and I have no doubt that he will just do
exactly that I've never known him to do
anything other than rise to the occasion
and I'm sure that will happen here so
come out and vote tomorrow and enable
that outcome thank you all so much for
being there
we have been nasa was married to Diane
and larry was married and I just want to
thank they have been on television today
they've been on television literally
more than me so I guess I want to thank
them they've been incredible thank you
very much we also have some friends of
ours and we have the chief that she is
Nick where's the other getting rid of
some protesters other police the
greatest look at that protesters I judge
you I like protesters because that's the
only way the camera shopping the crowd
as I like sometimes we even staged
protests whose thank you fellas enjoy
your stay
where's Nick willard
police get out there and get over her
neck
this guy is so incredible right here
the police department has been so
incredible so Nick I want to thank you
we went over the other day we met people
who are in seriously good condition
nobody gonna mess with your police
department is that right so Nick thank
you and thank the Department I
appreciate it
a couple of weeks ago a certain
politician nice politician nikki Haley
said in a speech a rebuttal speech that
referring to me although my name wasn't
mentioned and then ultimately it was
confirmed that I'm angry that I'm very
angry and that the people that are with
me are very angry and the people that
are with be a really with me those
aren't the people that are 20% and they
can flip fact one of the things that's
come out and all of the studies is that
the people that are with Donald Trump
this seriously with us like they're not
gone anywhere they're not going anywhere
well as other guys I think including the
two categories were at 92% nobody's
changing whereas other guys are at
eighteen percent of the world's oil
change if the wind changes my people
sick with us and who is made and the
statement was made that we're angry
people where the cover of time when the
cover of all these magazines and I said
we're not angry people we don't want to
be angry but I said right now I will
agree
me personally and a lot of the people
that are with me we are angry because
we're angry at and competence were angry
at the iran deal where we give away a
hundred and fifty billion dollars and
get nothing we're angry and I trade
deals which china is making so much
money that we've rebuilt their country
and in the meantime our country and the
infrastructure of our country is going
to hell we're angry what we make a
charge in Bergdahl deal whose it dirty
rotten trader
where six people were killed looking
forum and trying to bring him back till
six young great people kill looking for
sergeant Bergdahl and we make a swap
knowing that he was a traitor they had a
colonel and a general talking to these
people and talking to the people that
worked with them they knew he was a
traitor they knew it and we make a deal
sergeant we get and they get five of the
worst killers that they've covered it
they've cut it for the last nine years
ok we're tired of deals like this we're
tired of Obamacare which we will repeal
and replace
Healthcare's going up 25 35 45 50 per
cent in the last year and a half its
going to die in seventeen anyway it has
two unless the republicans work out
another deal like the budget deal
the deal they worked out three weeks ago
is a disgrace so Obamacare we're
repealing we're replacing but we're
angry and I said yeah I'm angry now when
they asked it was on the debate the
previous debate because I skipped the
last one before the one the other night
and I raised six million dollars for the
veterans right
and somebody said do you regret skipping
the debate and I said no not at all as
they show what do you mean you might
have won iowa I said I did win iowa but
I said I don't regret it because we
raise so much money for the vets and we
wouldn't have really been able to do
that at another time though is just a
point in time it was a point in time but
you have to be treated properly by the
networks last night I understand for the
last debate I heard somebody read to me
that they had the highest rating for a
debate a Republican primary debate in 21
years and they think it's much longer
than that they had a great trading well
where they have had about wasn't in the
debate when do you think I don't know
watching watching bush and watch in this
one and that one I think they would have
done so well who knows I hope they do I
want everybody to do and we have some
good people we have some really good
people but they had this phenomenal
rating ABC just-announced it next time
they're going to get the opening a
little bit better you know what i'm
talking and by the way in all fairness
to ben Carson you could not hear a thing
is people wondering why has been
standing there while we were all saying
that you couldn't hear a thing so it was
nobody's fault it was actually a
production mishap and it makes for more
exciting right is the more exciting
right so we are people that are not
gonna be angry for long because if I get
elected president
all of the things that you can't stand
looking at that you can't believe it's
happening to our country all of these
horrible deals at UC being made many of
them being made because everybody on the
stage with me and on the other side
they're taken care of by special inches
they have a lobbyist this special
interest in getting tremendous amounts
of money you will be angry when you'll
be happy you got to be very happy
can be very very happy and it won't take
a long time it won't take a long time
you know recently I just as for tickets
I wanted tickets for the debate gets
star power and if I could I had a lot of
power we get twenty tickets everybody
gets like 20 tickets so we called the
RNC Corey called the RNC we want tickets
well we can who's got him all of the
donors have the donors the donors you
know the donors
I said that's no good I don't have any
donors because I'm self-funding I don't
have the owners saw the daughters don't
mean donors the donors that's a nice
word donor but it's not donors its
special interest lobbyists all these
people that have total control over the
candidates they had all the tickets now
I must tell you
time magazine did a poll and the poll
who won the debate and i won the debate
with a cent of the vote
number 26 percent of the vote I had
seventy believe me I have no power over
time magazine but I had seventy percent
of the vote
number two had six percent and then it
went down from there so we do I say I
can't get any tickets and then I
announced during the debate because I
did these people make he's really lame
statements and you hear the place
erupted in applause and see what's going
on over here but I understood I
understand and I announced on television
the reason the audience clapping for
certain people up here is because their
donors and special interests and
lobbyists and have total control over
the people and they don't like these
because I'm and I know many of them
actually they do like to be I'm even
friends but if they ask you to do
something about president i'm saying bye
bye I'm working for these people out
here
so I think came up the other day and a
friend of Michaels visit dr. great
doctor and he said you know donald that
the United States which is the largest
purchaser of drugs in the world
massive massive amounts for medicare
which was for social security for
everything from Muslim medicare so we
gonna save Social Security too by the
way we're going to seriously i mean
you've been paying in four years and now
they want such a big way they want to
chop away at social security by the way
like they want to chop away at the
Second Amendment which is not going to
happen
ok
like I honestly like they're doing with
religion like they're chopping away at
Christianity and believe me they are
doing that and this may or may not be a
somewhat religious audience but I will
tell you one thing very soon we're going
to start saying Merry Christmas again
when his Christmas symbols for sure
my friend calls me up a great doctor he
says you know you're running and you
doing great I'm so proud of you I love
to hear it I said again and he said but
you know with the medical and with the
drugs the United States the largest
purchase early they don't negotiate
price it's almost as if you want to go
and you want to buy drugs drugs to make
you feel better right
drugs to make you feel better you want
to buy drugs you have to get drugs you
go to the drug see you buy it off the
counter the United States is paying like
a price like that I said you have to be
kidding he said I don't know why I said
I do I do because the drug companies
have an unbelievable lobby and these
guys that run for office that are on my
left and right and plenty of others
they're all taken care of by the drug
companies and then I'm gonna put out
competitive bidding so I said to myself
wow let me just some numbers if we
competitively bid drugs in the United
States we could say as much as $300 a
year
thank you thank you thank you thank you
that's one element and the reason I mean
you take a look at a friend of mine and
we don't have that much television there
just about 600 people back so I won't
insult him and he happens to be a very
good guy what did Johnson right what did
Johnson of Johnson and Johnson hes jeb
Bush's campaign finance manager he's
running bush's campaign now you tell me
you tell me well listen to this number
one he's in favor of Common Core number
to his week on
push like Scott he loves Common Core
he's the only one that I know that likes
it but that's ok we gonna bring
education back locally no more common
core no more coming just a week on
immigration and that's not gonna
remember they come as an act of love
remember that home education is very
interesting because we're number thirty
in the world you have Norway Sweden
Denmark China and plenty of others that
you have third-world countries and
number thirty is the United States so
with thirty in the world in education
and we're number one per pupil and
caused by phone number two is even close
so that's the way it is gonna happen
that way anymore phones not going to
happen that way now with savings so the
drug companies they have tremendous
power if they're talking about three
hundred billion dollars I mean that's a
lot of money
300 billion and then you wonder why does
a lot of people say how can people be so
stupid things they know it's wrong but
their politicians all talk no action
they're good at one thing getting
reelected have some good politicians but
you have mostly people that think about
how do I get re-elected ok how do I get
re-elected so I'm the only one im self
funding so when these guys see me who I
know many of the guys I'm looking at the
room I'm standing at the debate I'm
watching Marco sweating like a dog on my
right
I'm watching Ted Cruz no I would never
say that about Donald but he said
something bad in the ESM would you say
it again he said no and I like that he
didn't do that we would have ended up in
a big fight but it was nice and he
didn't honestly to have him here I have
not go honestly marco was having a hard
time and he's a nice guy he's a nice guy
i mean again and again and again after
three times you have a very good memory
and have to three times I said when he
said that about three minutes ago then I
said wait wait wait he said that two
minutes ago the same exact thing so
after the fifth time I said what the
hell is going on over here but we need
really smart really tough really fair
people with great heart that want to
take care of your health care want to
take care of people they can't afford
health care you know it's very
interesting we're gonna bring down the
price of Health going to bring it down
big big big big league because President
Obama live twenty eight times he said
you keep your doctor said you keep your
plan
28 times I kept saying why doesn't
somebody gets sued for fraud when you do
the 28 times and even democrats went
because of what he said and they wish
they weren't in that position so he lied
but you know what a lot of people give
me hit because they say we're gonna take
it as a group is a small group
relatively of people in the bottom that
they're not going to be able to be taken
care of and I say we have to as
republicans we have to take you just
want to take care of him I said we're
not gonna have people dying on the
streets we're going to get him into a
hospital take care of them were getting
kids we're not gonna have people dying
in shapes and I say that and I said and
all the time I get a poison then they
say all he wants to do this you want to
do that that's not the public the
republican way is people can take care
of themselves we have to help when I'm
gonna let him die and I say it all the
time when not yet I'll let him die on
the sidewalk we're not going to let him
die industry and it's not even a lot of
money we have hospitals doing no
business we gotta get them fixed up but
we're gonna save tremendously on health
care
it's going to be private we're going to
take the lines at a play we're gonna
have so many different options it's
going to be so much better than to be
less expensive you looked at your
deductibles not only are your rates
going up but you look at deductibles
right now unless you get hit by a
tractor you'll never ever be able to use
your health care and look at washington
they don't even want the Obama get it on
have to happen I wonder why they don't
have to have it so we're going to take
care of it folks and we're gonna have so
many great things
by the way we're going to competitive
bidding and I'll tell you what we're
gonna save so much money and those drug
companies are gonna hate me so much I
could I know I was going to say some at
the debate and i'm looking at the
audience was supposed to be children's
college kids and young kids and it
wasn't because these rich guys bought
all the tickets from the College susan's
I don't actually totally believe that I
actually think that the RNC gave him the
tickets to be totally honest I think
they actually got the tickets not to buy
but a lot of them did buy tickets so I
look outside a saying wow that's a lot
of people out there I know half these
people I know the obvious I know most of
the special interests and i'm looking at
that audience and I'm saying this is bad
stuff but I had the most beautiful
applause from Diane and Eric and Melania
in the front row that's about it even
though I want but I but I understood so
you have to understand what's going on a
lot of times you think that the
politicians are doing horrible horrible
deals and they are but you think that
they're really really not smart people
they are actually smart people but
they're working for themselves they're
doing what they lobbyists who puts up
millions and millions and millions of
dollars every time they run I'm just
talking about the honest up this is all
honesty this other stuff that goes on
that you know you have to proof right i
mean you look at some of hillary's
speeches when she gets a fortune and
she's you know give me a break
take a look at that nobody
right now nobody looks at that bill
makes us feel each gets a tremendous
amount of money phar-mor there and then
all of a sudden miracles happen right
miracles happen and I imagine somebody
is looking at that and by the way a
recent poll just came out that I am
beating hillary's so badly and the
general election
just like we do people say how you gonna
straighten out the budget it's a mess
just like we do with what I just told
you about medication and buying
medicines and all of this same thing
happens with the military within a
building no church so strong but we're
buying equipment and we're buying things
that are generals don't even want we're
buying things that they don't want what
bike lanes instead of another one
because that company has been a lobbyist
and a stronger we're gonna get them the
equipment they want to save a lot of
money and whether to build ourselves so
strong nobody I'm telling you nobody is
gonna play with us we don't want to use
it
nobody is gonna play with us we have
we have situations right now where we
have the migration and we're accepting
people and we're accepting them in by
the thousands and you look at new
hampshire you look at this area with the
problems you have the problems you have
with the drugs were allowing people to
come into this country that we have
absolutely no idea who they are where
they come from are they Isis maybe maybe
not somebody said at least 90% of them
are all really if we had 10% look at
what those two people did two months ago
radicalized people they killed 14 people
to people young people they killed 14
and plenty of people right now living in
the hospital
gravely wounded look at Paris one
hundred and thirty people killed now the
strongest gun laws anywhere in the world
his friends and Paris people don't have
guns except for the bad guys so they
walked in they start shooting they say
you get over here you get off that
killed a hundred and thirty people
there's a tremendous number of people
right now in the hospitals if guns were
on the other side of that equation with
the bullets could find a different
direction you want to have that kind of
conduct
you wonder how so we are going to
protect our 2nd Amendment 100% nobody's
gonna play with us nobody saw this all
started when I came down and I made the
statement to the press and I talked
about illegal immigration and I get it
yet I guess that was like two for 23
weeks it was brutal then all of a sudden
people started maybe he's got a point
maybe he's got a point then for five
weeks later people are some really
strong I think trumps right there is a
lot of illegal immigration and causing a
lot of economic on what is causing this
a lot of trouble from a criminal's
standpoint right now as we speak it was
released last week we have a hundred and
seventy nine thousand illegal tramadol
immigrants illegal criminal these are
people that have been convicted of
crimes some very big that means we have
a hundred and seventy nine thousand
people here that have committed crimes
that shouldn't big runs that shouldn't
be in the country that's bigger a
hundred and seventy nine thousand people
is bigger than any city by a lot in new
hampshire that's a massive amount of
people that's a massive amount so
whether just something that's going to
be whether you like Dwight Eisenhower no
matter what you do
white eisenhower I like Ike everybody
said nice guy we either have a country
folks are we don't remember this we
either have a country we do so within a
half to take people with it to get rid
of those hundred and seventy-nine and i
dont wanna put him in our jails I don't
wanna put him in our jails are jails
across Augusta fortune
we're bringing them back where they came
from and we're gonna be respected by
those countries which were not respected
at all by those countries we're breaking
up back where they came from and let
that country put him in prison for the
next 25 years is when idling and then
never ever coming back to our country
again their guy never now but all of a
sudden we started seeing people are
focused on it I will say this if I
didn't bring up the subject of illegal
immigration at my opening when I
announced I was running for president
you would not have anybody even talking
about it the other night on this stage I
won't mention who's somebody said yes
and I'm very strong on illegal
immigration we will build a wall said it
very lonely will you afraid that
somebody has a lot and I go now all of a
sudden I know I have two out of the
group they said the other night and
other ones on television said yes we
have strong waters we will build a wall
and my wife came up to me she said
darling did you hear that that's the
first time I've ever heard that said by
anybody else but you we have to build a
wall walls work just ask Israel walls
work they work I don't mean the little
walls of the little wall I mean those
who else you know I mean serious roles I
mean trump all
they work they were and they work if
they're right you know in time magazine
and a couple of magazines I read I've
been on the cover of Time magazine so
much lately when I was on last week I
didn't even know they were putting them
in the cover can you imagine that's when
you really hitting it big when you're on
the cover of Time magazine you don't
even know you got to be on the cover
that's what they had like this ramp they
had a wall like this and then a ramp
built over the wall and then another
ramp and they have trucks going over the
ramp and they loaded up with drugs and
trucks going right over there I don't
even know why they didn't just rip down
the wallets a little would have been
cheaper and whatever Africa's up it goes
down they sell their drugs in the United
States lot of them come over to here to
head to new hampshire and they get back
on the go back they build ramps over the
walls and I'll tell you something I met
the border patrol people they're
phenomenal the reason I met them is they
called me and they said we'd love to
meet you and I went to Laredo Texas and
it was incredible
these people are incredible they can do
the job they had told to stand back did
poll don't touch anybody there told let
people come in they don't want them
these are incredible men and women and
their standing there people walking
right in front beautiful equipment
everything looks good everything except
the one thing they are told don't do
anything and when they do something
that's a given the fine let him go they
can go wherever they want that CNN that
you never see him again we either have a
country away don't want it to be so
strong and just let me ask you one
question about the wall who the hell is
going to pay for the wall what
you know the head of Mexico today said
there's no way we're paying for the wall
please inform Mr Trump I said I said the
walls gonna just get bigger when has
that attitude now
the politicians come up with something
they used to come up and say this is no
way honestly that you can be able to
build a wall is easy I build nests of
buildings it's much tougher they said
you can't really do that can yes
absolutely
now just so you understand fifteen years
ago they want to build a wall you know
why they didn't build it they couldn't
get an environmental impact statement
approved it's true they couldn't because
there was snakes toads road all sorts of
crap right in the way they couldn't can
you believe it we can build a wall and
you have China in the South China Sea
ripping the hell out of the ocean and
building military bases in the middle of
the South China Sea and we kid do you
think by the way that China got an
environmental impact statement I don't
you know they said they said we're gonna
build it they started work the following
morning that's what happens we are so
left behind and we worry about the
carbon footprint and I say you know I
see Obama saying the single greatest
problems this country has its global
warming ok
I tell you what I just got out so we had
a blizzard outside there's no warming is
his brutal somebody from New Hampshire
said this is one of the worst winters
you know what he's talking about global
warming
then he gets on a very old 747 with the
old engines at spew a lot of stuff and
he takes his wife and his two really
beautiful daughters and he goes in the
seven forty-seven dalai to play golf and
that he comes back and then he has a
speech on
saw folks have a whole different
thinking I've been saying for a long
period of time
take the oil remember remember this
about me I was against because I've had
hillary say I don't like Donald Trump
stone and I've heard jeb say it till I
don't like Donald Trump's tone energy
guy so he doesn't like my time but but
honestly said and they said that the
same day and I thought to myself I can
tone it down I'm smart guy I turn on
television did shopping people's heads
off in the middle ease if you question
the head comes off if you're not
Christian the head comes up we haven't
seen stuff like this since medieval
times
alright medieval times and people are
worried about my tone you are at the
other night at the base they ask Ted
Cruz serious question but what do you
think of waterboarding is it ok and I
honestly I thought he'd say absolutely
in Egypt and he said well it's concerned
about the answer because something she
just said a terrible thing you know she
said
shouted out 2012
ok you're not allowed to say and I never
expect to hear that from you again she
said I never expect to hear that from
you again she said he's a pussy thats
that's now
here
so you remember when not so long ago not
so far from here I had a group of people
we're doing question-and-answer and
somebody came up with a pretty tough
saving about Obama and the press got
very angry cuz I didn't offend the
president remember took a lot of heat
and I didn't reprimand the person that
said it so I want to just tell you right
now ma'am he reprimanded ok chiste
chiste he reprimanded for the press this
is a serious reprimands to so the
president so we have lined up to make
some of the great trade deals and to
take our documents that are so bad we
have lined up the finest business people
in the world rolanda by the way they
call me I don't even call them these are
great great people
summer nice some horrible human beings
summer people that you don't want to
have dinner with but they're great at
what they do I know the greatest
negotiators in the world we need them
that's how we got into the hole with
these deals and I'm telling you about
and believe me
other other facets of the same thing
it's the same exact thing we're going to
save so much money I was hearing the
other day they were talking about the
budget and a political person said it's
his idea and it has gone to have the
budget balanced within 25 years
twenty-five years
idea was that he thought he was doing a
good job visa politicians folks that
never gonna do it and whether to do a
great we're gonna have a better country
would have better services we can have
better roads and airports and hospitals
and we're gonna pay less for was gonna
pay less
you know I'm building a big building
right now on pennsylvania avenue that I
got from the federal government Obama
can you believe it how good is that if I
go work done I mean what a job he did I
we had the old post office in washington
D C right we are now we just announced
we're gonna make it a world-class one of
the great Hotels of the World an
incredible building and we just
announced with two years ahead of
schedule we're going to have it open in
September of this year two years ahead
of schedule and under budget ahead of
schedule when they've been nice if our
country on its projects instead of
having a 2,000 percent cost overrun boy
can you imagine how much as people make
when you see these buildings and things
was gonna cost 200 million and it ends
up costing 1.5 billion dollars do you
know how much money these people are
making so we're two years ahead of
schedule it's on pennsylvania avenue and
I don't give a damn if I don't make the
White House we're moving into that
building I'm gonna be on pennsylvania
avenue one way or the other
I want to finish up because you got a
bad evening out there and you have to
drive you have to do me a favor I don't
really care of you get hurt or not but I
want you to last until tomorrow ok so
don't get hurt if you're going to get
hurt and if you get a drive like a
maniac do it tomorrow after you vote and
I promise I will come and visit you in
the hospital I price now has some
knowledge I want you to be I want you to
be careful but look it's so important
that we take care of our vets are vets
are being treated so badly and I am
album 0 who's with me all the time
who's the greatest guy there is who
loves the vets who loves us and who
knows what we're doing but we're going
to take care of our vets we're gonna
take care of our military will get a
buildup of military is going to be a
thing of beauty by the way I have to
tell you it's the absolute cheapest
thing we can do is nobody's gonna play
with us it's the cheapest thing we can
do but we're going to take care of our
health care whether to take care of
every facet of our country and whether
to start winning again folks whether to
start winning again because we don't win
anymore we don't win on trade we don't
want on anything we can't beat my sis
with our military can you imagine
General George Patton weekend he
wouldn't be them by the time he walked
down to the front row we don't be dices
whether to start winning again we're
gonna win on every single level of this
country we get a win every single time
we do something we're gonna win we're
not gonna make stupid deals anymore
we're gonna be led by smart people and
we're gonna have our smartest people
representing us now I leave you with
this I leave you with us it's so
important it's so important
tomorrow is going to be the beginning I
here we have a lead it doesn't matter to
me it doesn't matter to me who the hell
knows what the leaders do have some snow
it looks like it's gonna stay it's so
important we have something so special
going on you have to go out you have to
vote
we have to celebrate tomorrow evening we
have to have a great victory it's so
important because we are gonna make
America great again we are going to make
america greater greater greater than
it's ever been before and i love u all I
love you all
yes we will see you tomorrow let's have
a big big victory tomorrow we love you
thank you
thank you
thank you
amazing paper thank you very much thank
you

wow
well
you know it all begins right now it's
all gonna begin you know the theme look
at all those red caps make America great
again and we can do it and we can do it
and we're going to do it and we're going
to so on june sixteenth I came down an
escalator I talked about illegal
immigration and everyone went crazy what
a horrible thing to discuss two weeks
later everybody was saying you know
Trump is right and you had the killing
of Kate in San Francisco yet so many
things happen jim neal great jim hill in
Los Angeles a phenomenal female
wonderful woman a vet 65 years old who
was killed by an illegal immigrant raped
sodomized killed we have problems and we
have to solve our problems and some
people say you're very divisive you very
divisive what they want me to be
politically correct they don't want to
talk about the problems they don't want
to talk about and I do talk about him
and a lot of people are now coming up to
me and saying you're right you're so
right I brought up a problem
radical Islamic terrorism abroad people
went crazy how could you say we have a
problem this is a worldwide problem and
when I brought it up people said it's
not politically correct don't do it
advisers people right back there they
said don't do it but you know what
people respect that I did it and friends
of mine who are Muslim called me up at
this shit done thank you it's a problem
is gotta be discussed we have a
president that won't discuss the subject
he won't talk about it and you're not
going to solve the problem if you don't
want to admit what the problem is
so it began and I started with the
butchers and you know Sheriff Joe from
arizona he's like a great time he enjoys
me last week and he enjoys every day
he's a tough guy at the border that's
one thing and he said Trump is the
toughest at the border but I don't want
to just be tough we want to be smart we
want people to come into our country but
they have to come into our country
legally drive legally they go through a
process as they come in and we've gotta
take great people we want great people
to come and we don't want people pouring
across the border like now I got to know
I was in laredo texas and i got to know
I was invited by our tremendous people
that work the border the border patrol
people these are tremendous people these
are people that wanna do their job they
called me because they're not allowed to
do this is standing there great they're
wonderful to have wonderful equipment
everything's fine and they're told stand
back and people walk right through
well I Y and you know it's
mistake it's very unfair to people that
do legally go through the brush is you
have people that way
for years to get in and they're going up
a list
and they've worked
and they've studied
probably and friends has probably the
toughest gun laws in the world are no
dents accepted the bad guys and this
sleaze bag with the press would always
say remember the name right
the press would say great things like
he's rappin hun the press was say
wonderful things were looking for him
they called the mastermind mastermind
what's the mister money put a few people
in this study cheating people there's
nothing what's the mastermind I call
them the guy with the dirty hat low I Q
a terrible guy now they got him they
gotta but the press is building them up
and then they wonder why our youth is
being radicalized add Isis and others
are using our internet we invented the
internet Isis is using it to radicalize
our kids and our kids are leaving and
coming back one thing with me if they
leave and they leave to fight for Isis
then i coming back I don't care
so we're going to strengthen our border
we're gonna have a really strong border
we're going to build a wall of windows
bank for the wall
Mexico now that I have a great
relationship with mexico I have a great
relationship with the mexican people
with Hispanics in Nevada leading in the
polls with Hispanics I'm gonna do great
with this fetish is under bring jobs
back from China and all sorts of
countries that have taken our jobs they
have stripped us of a job like where
babies like taking candy from a baby
they have stripped does of our jobs you
know interestingly new hampshire you
have been a big victim and in this case
it wasn't so much China you look at
nafta you look at some of the things
that happened to hear I look at these
factories that are empty I look at plans
that in a senior citizen housing and
that's wonderful senior citizen has it
but somebody has to have the job you
need the job spec our country has lost
millions and millions of jobs to other
countries and now we're losing companies
to look at corporate inversions you look
at what's happening
corporate inversions it's wonderful
senior citizen housing but somebody has
to have the job unbelievable schiesser
are Canadians lost millions and millions
of jobs to other countries and now we're
losing companies you look at corporate
inversions you look at what's happening
corporate inversions it's unbelievable
Pfizer great company they're very good
with taking care of politicians a great
company they get what they want remember
this the drug companies have tremendous
power whether it's Tyler Johnson and
Johnson the interesting things Pfizer's
leaving with all their power and they're
leaving thousands and thousands of great
jobs behind because the taxes are too
high and because they can't get their
money back into the country this
trillions of dollars outside of the
United States right now I talked to
these politicians and I'm against didn't
even know what the hell I'm talking
about they don't know about corporate
intrusion then even know what it is but
what happens is companies are now
leaving our country because the taxes
are so ridiculous with the highest tax
country in the world
ok and they leaving and great companies
Pfizer great company others just
announced a leaving and they can leave
you can't stop you can try and get him
to stop they'll find ways you know these
great lawyers Great Wall Street lawyers
believe me you'll find ways around it
they leaving and they're leaving jobs
behind
mind and tremendous you talking about
hundreds of thousands of jobs behind and
it's happening more and more you know
it's an interesting thing we have a
president they can't get anybody to do
anything so he signed you know executive
orders and country wasn't supposed to be
that way but he signs executive orders
because he can't get he doesn't get
people into the oval office into offices
into something and do something right
but make great deals make deals that
everybody's happy with the way the
country was supposed to work he doesn't
do that he doesn't do that so here's the
deal where our corporations and
corporations within this country have
two and a half trillion dollars outside
of the country they want to bring it
back I happen to think the number could
be five trillion dollars it's a massive
amount of money if it's brought back
into the country it's going to create
work it's gonna create jobs right now
now here's the problem the democrats
agree the republicans agree the liberals
agree that conservatives agree everybody
wants the money brought back they can't
make a deal
the reason they can't make it deals with
have a leader
well it needs the room one hour with the
leaders I get it done
111 how I guess
so the inversion is that now
corporations say that tired they've been
waiting for years and billions and
billions of dollars outside of the
country they can't bring it back so they
are actually going out to get the money
you believe this and everybody in
washington agrees that we should allow
him to bring in fact it would be so
that's one of these you you know it's
one thing when you have the republicans
and the democrats and they just agree on
lots of different things and you can
understand I'll get him to agree you're
right I'll get it but they disagree on a
lot of things and you can understand but
that's the thing
inversion that's the thing they can and
they can't get it done shelf Washington
is gridlocked nothing happens and
nothing good is going to happen if you
folks vote in more these politicians
these politicians don't have it their
all talk and no action I don't give a
damn if it doesn't work for me I have
this great company but this incredible
company I'll go back I'll be hit in the
face with a beautiful salt water wave
and one of my resume its ok its ok but
you know what I want to do this a lot of
people have said why do you do this why
I do it because I want to make America
great again it's so much more
even mike is a great kids he wanted you
know Don Erik and I have great
executives and and frankly you know
somebody should what you built a really
great company and I did you take a look
at you know when I did the filing
everyone said well who never run then I
read he'll never sign for me that's when
you signed your life away as they said i
think is gonna run that does it but
you'll never put into the net chose
because maybe he's not as richer
successful as people think I am i
financials they thought that maybe a
test for extensions cause you're allowed
45 day extensions forever for the rest
of your life you never have to put in it
you could have so many extensions I told
my account severe extra-terrestrial out
of money to do almost a hundred pages
the biggest one ever filed by a factor
of many times right I told my counsel I
wanted done before 30 days you get 30
days to put him in but then you can have
the extensions to the rescue Life OK and
some of these politicians they filed one
page and they've asked for extensions ok
so I said I want to do it before the 30
days because a lot of the pundits it
well maybe less for extensions and it'll
go on past selection so I put them in
and they went down and they looked and
the company is a massive I built a great
company very low debt tremendous cash
flow and believe me if those numbers
weren't good I wouldn't be running right
now because I wouldn't and that's why a
lot of people said a private person they
don't know what the hell I have nobody
knows what they have but I filed this
document done by the best accounting
firms in washington the best law firms
in washington everything right down to
the way it's supposed to be and you know
what happened to press went down they
were dying to see this and they couldn't
believe it was much bigger than anybody
ever anticipated the greatest assets or
everything great low debt tremendous
schedule so here is what happens I found
it and I filed by probably would have
even if I wasn't going to run every once
in awhile you like to brag a little bit
I will tell you but what happened is i
filed at and I'm not saying it in a
braggadocio sleigh it's the kind of
thinking that our country needs we have
to make great deals now we can't
continue to go on like this we can't
lose five hundred and five billion
dollars a year to China on trade deficit
you can't do it you can't do it we can't
lose hundreds of billions of dollars to
Japan they send our cars these cars are
pouring in
I went to Los Angeles recently I saw a
ship's the biggest ships have ever seen
a loaded up with cars from Japan we give
them practically nothing it's called
imbalance it's all one way we have
people negotiating for us who are
political hacks they're the best
political hacks in the world they get
their jobs because they give campaign
contributions some of them get the job
because they work hard with politicians
but they don't know anything
Carl Icahn as an example is a great
businessman he endorse me many
businessmen of interest me they want to
endorse me because they say cars and
trucks the only one that knows what
they're talking about the politicians
don't mention corporate intrusion before
then even know what that term means
companies are leaving us and we don't do
anything about it and new hampshire
knows it better than anybody as you've
already gone through it but you have a
hate to tell you have more companies
leaving we're gonna bring the company's
back from China we're gonna bring the
company's back from Japan we're gonna
bring the company's back from excuse me
Mexico Mexico Mexico is killing us at
the border and they're killing us with
dread Mexico just got the big nabisco
plant from Chicago it's closing in
Chicago it's moving to Mexico so what
are we not going to eat any more Oreos
that's a good thing not a bad thing
mexico has many car plans coming people
like going to become the car capital of
the world
a two and a half billion dollar plan in
to see they were all set to build a new
plant all set and it was all set to go
and then the foreign company that was
gonna build an announcer not going to go
there they gonna go to mexico it's crazy
what we're allowing to happen all
because our leaders are incompetent ok
they're incompetent
you know we make deals I always say so
we get a trader six people killed
looking six people go out and they look
for them and they were killed young
beautiful people are soldiers young
beautiful people six of them killed go
out look for sergeant Bergdahl so we get
Bergdahl and by the way we know he was a
traitor before we made the deal because
we had a general and a colonel goin
interview all of the people that he
worked with and they told him what
happened so we know it's not even like
oh gee we found out later that I can
understand I would like it but that I
can understand a little bit this is a
case where weekend Bergdahl and they get
five pillars that they've coveted that
they've wanted for years and they're
taking fight and there right now back to
the battlefield looking to kill
everybody including us
ok this is what we get this is the way
we make deals and can't go on go on go
on i think im gonna do great in new
hampshire I hope I'm going to do great I
love the people
thank you I love you too so we have so
many things happening and we don't have
the right people
the migration migration it's so sad to
see and it is I have a heart you know
people don't realize I am much warmer
than other people and much warmer I want
to help people i really do I want to
help people i want to get rid of
Obamacare get you something i wanna and
yeah but you know what we have some
people that won't be able to live and we
have to help people though we had to
help when republicans donald Trump
proposed helping people that have made
what we had to let him dying to see we
can't do it and republicans understand
that but we can have great plans they're
going to be less expensive
gonna be much more I mean Obamacare is
out of control and how about your
deductibles you have to be dead before
you can use them so high that unless you
have a fourteen years slow disease
you're not going to be able to use it
a man told me today from new hampshire
just today he said he gave it up because
he couldn't afford to get no coverage
whatsoever
he's always had coverage a lot of people
had coverage if they were very happy
with it given it up and now they have
lousy coverage all the lines 28 times
about the doctor right 28 times I
actually said why did we sued for fraud
because it was tried and by the way a
lot of the democrats had they known to
say when approved it it just made it but
they will like to also it would have
never been approved but your gonna keep
your doctor all the things that he said
were total eyes and if he did say that
cuz they were good phrases they were
false but they will get raises if he
didn't say that they would have never
gotten it fast and believe me
Obamacare is a big people sort of
forgotten but I find it to be almost
tougher sometimes the biggest applause I
get when I say I'm going to terminate
determining whether to terminate and
replace it with something great
less expensive and much better and
people really want that a lot of people
forget about the five billion dollar
website $5 for a website shit or crooked
politics you listen to this song
medicare going to keep your social
security we're gonna bring jobs back
we're gonna make a country rich again to
keep it if you've been paying into
social security for years and now they
say we want to we want to raise the age
we want to do all sorts of things we're
gonna bring jobs back they've stripped
our country of well you know we had a
quarter last quarter when we had a
century no-growth so we have more people
we have more trouble we have far more
unemployment although it is reported
that way
look these unemployment statistics are
meant and were devised by politicians so
that it looks good when they say 5.2%
this room wouldn't be packed it was
really 5.2% I go to the other day I mean
I go to dallas we have twenty-one
thousand people I go to Mobile Alabama
of 35,000 people by the way we get and I
say we check out the cover of Time
magazine last week the most incredible
story about us all of us that means but
I'm like the messenger I feel like the
messages on MSN Messenger but I'm gonna
be a I'm gonna be a good you're going to
love the messenger you gotta love you
president you'd be so proud in your
country
throughout the country again you know
within a country we have to we can go on
this way but I go to Mobile Alabama
35,000 people they're incredible people
they like you is that different i mean
you're from new hampshire there from
mobile if they love the country you left
the country we all left the country
we're all doing it for the same reason
we're losing our country and it'll never
be the same and we have a hilary is
silly she makes it past her scandal
which is really a big question you have
a situation where General Petraeus and
many other people for doing five percent
of what hillary clinton did have been
destroyed and I think I helped him
because I've been really pounding on top
of everything else they wanted to take
away his rank they wanted to reduce his
rank and I said leave General Petraeus
alone it's enough it's enough these
tough guys in washington you know their
real tough guys they can't be dices they
can't beat anybody Afghanistan is going
to hell
the Middle East is is going down I've
been saying bomb the oil for years and
they haven't done it they just started
after powers and they're doing a very
gentle bombing because they don't want
to pollute the atmosphere and a not say
what that true they don't want to bomb
the oil because they don't want to
pollute the atmosphere and yet Obama
will take Air Force One and all of
Boeing 747 with the old engines and spew
crap into the atmosphere as he goes to
Hawaii
and saved for almost three weeks playing
golf and then comes back in the same
plane and then he'll have a news
conference on global warming and talking
about the carbon footprint give me a
break
today I chose somebody to love God and
add some of the greatest golf courses in
the world and a rally on some of the
great one at Turnberry in Scotland will
have the British Open some of the
greatest British Opens in the history of
of golf and some of the great Jack
Nicklaus against Tom Watson they say the
Duel in the Sun right to duel in the sun
the greatest tournament ever played was
at Turnberry the Duel in the Sun Jack
Nicklaus Tom watch it so I have to clean
and stuff but you know what I let go but
if I were in the white house I don't
think I'd ever see turned very good I
don't think I have a seat Doral again I
went to rally in Miami I don't think
I've ever seen any of the places that I
have I don't think it's anything I just
want to stay in the white house in work
my ass off but great just gonna leave
you know you know now I hope I'm gonna
be through the white house but I'm
building a building right down the road
that's also on pennsylvania you talk
about deal making I brought it up today
for the first time so the old puzzle has
built in 1880 the Old Post Office is
incredible it's on Friday as a whole
blocks on pennsylvania avenue best
location right between the capitol
building and though it has everybody
wanted hi it very close contributors to
Obama every everybody Sheridan Helton
everybody wanted one of the hottest it's
run by the GSA General Services there
the landlord for the united states and
by the way very very good people and
very very good professionals
well that's because they chose me but
they are honest
they didn't use the I don't think I'd be
saying that probably but the truth is I
have i mean they are very good they're
excellent so what happened is and I work
with Ivanka has anyone heard of you and
she's dressed and we put it in and a
plan was to build a great take this
whole post office which is no longer
used and has been sitting for years and
years like 30 years really and take it
and converted into one of the world's
great hotels and other people many hotel
companies bid it was the hottest from
what I hear let's say 10 because there's
so many people back there if there was
one hundred but I doubt it just about
the hottest property in the history of
the General Services Administration they
did it out and we came up with a great
plan for a great Hotels of the World and
by the way I have to tell you this it's
two years ahead of schedule its opening
listen to this it'll open in September
of this year isn't that convenient I
said we have to open it before the big
day so we're gonna be opening in
September of this year we're actually I
mean the limit was to use but we're
actually been a year and a half ahead of
schedule which it on here when was the
last time you heard about a government
project what we love the tunnel in
Boston deli folks now is twenty years
later in about 40 million dollars over
budget so here's just under budget and
ahead of schedule by a lot is that nice
wouldn't it be nice but I think in terms
we want to negotiate we need deals right
we need great deals with trade we have
to you know they're buying a new efforts
13 billion in spending three billion to
bring it up because if I when I'm going
to be the one to use it right so I said
it didn't want to bring it up in tonight
at break it up for the first time do you
think I could make a better deal than
three billion dollars for an airplane
maybe just I know so much about
airplanes when I heard three billion I
said rule I said let's buy some of that
boeing stopped that's a lot so everybody
wanted it
hyatt the Pritzker family is Obama's
biggest supporter just about from
Chicago nice family good family they
wanted to say hi everybody wanted to
help his trump get the most valuable
asset in the GSA the most sought after a
sit-in the GSA I got it for similar
prize I did pay the question I gotta for
similar price get the greatest asset in
the most coveted as I got it how to help
the white get it into your
administration it's called negotiation i
wouldn't make a deal like a hundred and
fifty billion dollars to a randomly get
nothing
ok I would have said I want my present
his deck and your hostages I want him
back before we even start and they would
have said no and I would have said very
simply yes that's right you know I said
bye bye right we leave the room we
doubled up the sanctions within 48 hours
they call us they say you've got your
prison then what do i do I go back into
the room I say and my father always used
to say you've gotta take the lumps that
he thought everyone was too tough to be
soft little bit like Jeb Bush every once
in awhile saw
he said son take the lumps yet so I
wouldn't say I want to get the prisoners
back now they'll and now we call ok
we're ready to negotiate now thank you
for releasing a person's okay again
hundred-percent to give them back
because you have to ratchet up now we go
back out of 150 billion if biggest
problem I have with if I win is that
they have two hundred and fifty billion
that the given to everybody but us by
the way they're buying planes from
Airbus a hundred and eighteen air planes
from Airbus they're buying missiles from
russia there in Italy by buying from
everybody but us so my father would say
take the lumps hii go and then say the
following I'm sorry we can't give you
the hundred and fifty billion dollars we
have a country that bust the country has
no money we owe nine trillion dollars
we're going to have nineteen we own 19
trillion dollars we're going to over
twenty one trillion dollars we have no
money I'm so they could go nuts to
forget about it
come on let's say that and you negotiate
a deal I would ever paid a hundred and
fifty billion dollars but these
politicians have no clue a guy like
Carrie I mean this guy hit do you think
you read the art of the deal a guy like
carried I think you hit a guy like
Carrie he never walk from that
negotiation ones in a random dancing in
the streets calling us stupid people
they were celebrating the deal before we
even signed it they were saying what a
great deal it is before we even saw
everybody was saying what a great
negotiator the guy on the other side of
the table it and he is you know the
Persians agree to negotiate but they're
all saying what a great negotiators who
is like here we can even send it to you
when you say if you saw this happening
in your the negotiator and I so you say
let's walk looking man to deal with
stupid and then what happens then what
happens so now the deal is done the
money is about ready to pass and they
catch wonderful young sailors that have
a problem with the engine and a citizen
lets get it fixed up up up on your way
they bring them and they drop them to
the beggin position on their knees hands
up guns at the head and are rough guy
you heard that voice right that wasn't a
nice person
roughing them up and what do we do
apologize I mean it was such a
humiliating situation and they would
have never given the sale is back but
then that stupid people they're very
smart people much broader than our
people much larger than our negotiators
by a factor of about 200 we would have
never gotten the sailors back except for
one thing the money was going to start
passing two days after they got so we
gotta back we were humiliated as a
country we gave him the money like
nothing happened we are led by these
guys they keep coming to me one of them
came up to me about three weeks after
one of the debates said that mexico's
gonna pay for the well they won't pay
for the 100% they make a fortune on the
wall is peanuts they don't even think he
can build a wall I said two thousand
years ago China built the Great Wall of
China its 18,000 miles long they did it
before caterpillar tractors were now of
course of course China would never use
caterpillar tractors why would they use
them unless they built the plans by the
way on Chinese soil so China bit two
thousand years ago they built a wall
that is this is a serious wall right I'm
look at him you know about that one
that's a serious so we need a thousand
miles
ok 133 need a thousand miles because
it's two thousand miles but they have a
lot of natural barriers lot of good
stuff that sucks so we need thousands
and I have these politicians said you
can't rebuild will you know they wanted
to build the wall fifteen years ago and
they couldn't do it because they
couldn't get their environmental impact
study approach did you know that because
there was stakes returned as a toads are
not sure you look it up a lot of the
people that are now against the wall
including some of the democrats check
Hillary by the way check they wanted the
wall but they couldn't get it done they
couldn't get an environmental impact
statement approved can you believe it
now you have China in the South China
Sea they're building a military base
creating an island right smack in the
middle of the OSHA
creating an island they have the biggest
excavators you've ever seen
they're ripping the shit out of the sea
right and they're building runways and
airports that building forts
do you think they got an environmental
impacts our country's in trouble
countries in trouble so we're going to
fix it
we're going
wagons we're gonna have strong borders
would have the wall with a strong strong
borders were gonna have tremendous trade
deals I have these guys and women I have
these people that is the best in the
world did the best business people know
what I know I know the great ones I know
the bad ones I know the over rated ones
yet people that you think agreed that
the totally overrated I happened to be
underrated by the lab but that's okay
it's good to be very good to be
underrated that's why when they looked
at my statement I said I think this
guy's been underrated I know the
greatest in the world and we're going to
use them when I can use the Hawks
anymore
will not be used Caroline Kennedy in
Japan to talk about cars what the hell
she's a very nice person you know why
she's a nice person because my daughter
Ivanka like sure when my daughter likes
her that's good that doesn't mean I want
her negotiating with Japan on cars ok so
some of these people like terrible human
beings some of these people are horrible
you wouldn't hear you would never ever
have dinner with some of these people
although the very rich you might have
dinner with the matter which does money
matter that much she says no I'll bet
you will but not now these are people
that in many cases are horrible people
who cares I want the best the greatest
negotiators in the world negotiating
this from now on we're not gonna let
mexico still all our businesses and and
this has been going on for years I mean
you look at new hampshire this is going
to happen and we're gonna bring business
back we're gonna have businesses we
gotta have businesses that used to be in
new hampshire that are now in mexico
come back to New Hampshire and you can
tell themselves
because they let you down and they left
we want the businesses that stayed i
dont lot of businesses appeared out of
business up here these are great people
they coulda left and they want to stay
they want to say they're fighting just
it's hard with the highest tax nation in
the entire world it's hard for them to
stay and those are the ones we have to
cherish and love these are the people
that are great but you don't have people
come back down my tax proposal cuts the
hell outta taxes for the middle class
for business we go from the highest tax
nation in the world to a nation that's
got pretty low on the taxes ok pretty
low on the list but the middle class has
been abandoned by our country they built
the country the middle class has been
banded
events have been abandoned that's akin
to be taken care of the way they should
be wears out the ultimate vet and a
loves me right you better love me right
this wouldn't be terrible if you said
known as the jump I don't love you I'll
put your hand go ahead say it again now
said in the Michael you have a mic for a
reason
I don't judge this man is always there
and he goes to others are also and he
goes to other people that are running
and he doesn't he said he gave up here
we go to everything all he cares about
is that the vets are taking forever I
love this guy special special
gonna take care of it you know that
sometimes wait five days six days in a
waiting room for a simple prescription
or simple something a procedure and
sometimes they die they die waiting this
story's thousands and that you wouldn't
believe it's possible thousands and
thousands of vets die waiting to see a
doctor
it's not gonna happen right it's not
gonna happen anymore folks we're gonna
take care of our vets we're not even
talking about money
the fact is that if you look at the
money that we squander and steel take a
look at Arizona what's going on with the
VA in Arizona it should disclose the
money that stolen the corruption is
unbelievable it's all over the country
hour ago to be taken care of our
military is going to be rebuilt
we're gonna do things were protecting
our 2nd Amendment big-league big lake
we're getting rid of Common Core we're
gonna bring education to the you know
they're chipping away at your second
Amendment every time you see something
that shipping and shipping if in as you
know if in as if in california where you
had to do they got married these two
people
wonderful people barrage she probably
radicalized him down those out happen
maybe radicalized alright doubted but
they go out they worked with a group of
people that gave them parties gave them
their baby shower gave them so they walk
in they killed them fourteen people dead
something wrong then you have in Paris
and a lot of things happened in Paris
lot of things changed and people like me
more after Paris which is terrible in a
way for people like me more after Paris
because they want somebody that
understands what the hell is going on
and I get it in Paris have a hundred and
thirty people killed dead if we had some
people and by the way many many people
many many people lying in a hospital so
gravely wounded many more tests they
walk in
hundred and thirty people horribly hurt
people lives destroyed people if they
don't die if they want guns on the other
side if there was like you you that guy
right over the tall guy with the red if
we had if we had some people on the
other side that were being shot with
guns wrapped around their ankles are
there ways with the bullets could go in
the other direction you wouldn't have
had the carnage that you had they had
nothing remember what I said at the
beginning
90 remember what I said at the beginning
the toughest gun laws in the world Paris
the toughest in the world same thing in
California if you had people that had a
couple of
protect our 2nd Amendment protected when
I get away
just finishing up education is important
so I tell you I'm gonna get a common
common car is Washington Department of
Education so we're ranked as a country
number thirty in the world where ranks
as a country cost per pupil number one
in the world so we pay the most in the
entire world for education by a factor
that so high that the second-place
contender and by the way it's Norway
Sweden Denmark China and on and on and
then as you start getting up we end up
with third world countries that come
before us pretty sad right with thirty
we have third-world countries that have
better educational systems in the United
States of America now think of this so
we're number one in cost per pupil and
when number thirty will the bottom of
the fact wouldn't it be nice
ok and I i related to something else
like Jeb Bush he's been a hundred
million dollars and he's nowhere at the
bottom of the only reason I even bring
them up as he does so many commercials
of me this negative is so now I didn't
even know I was that bad a person I just
know this so negative but they can't be
that negative because every time they go
on my poll numbers go up it's crazy
but they come in for this campaign I
have spent less money than anybody else
and I'm number one in every poll
nationally right and by the way I'm
number one in new hampshire will you
please keep me there the victim keep me
there are you be so happy if you do
you'll be so proud of that decision
believe me
believed to be so proud so I spent the
leash and I have the best Rizzo wouldn't
it be great if the united states could
do that not only with education with
other think we spend the least and we
have the best we spend the least we have
wouldn't that be fantastic great so
we're gonna start winning again we're
gonna win on trade with these other
countries that are ripping us off we're
gonna win on health care we're gonna win
with the military we're gonna knock the
shit out of Isis but they're not gonna
win on health care we're going to win
every everything we have so many
victories which is that we just can't
fail anymore we don't have the option to
fill anymore we have a country that's a
debtor nation and we don't have the
option so I just want to tell you this
is an important evening this is a great
group I've done five of these today in
different forms do you think this is fun
this is fine I dunno I've had more
meetings today I've had great meetings I
met with your police department and
Manchaca Ben why would you like them
right I met with police I met with by
the way the police they do such a great
job you talked and we have to honor a
place okay so it's very important that
worry you gotta get out don't think
we're gonna win don't think we're gonna
win just go out you gotta get out and
vote no matter where you are no matter
how you feel I don't give a damn you
gotta go out you gotta get out of bed
we've gotta create a mandate we have to
create victory and I'm telling you I
give you my word we will make this
country this great great country we will
make it better and stronger and smarter
than ever ever ever before
thank you I love you thank you

ladies and gentlemen please welcome
Yvonne car truck the welcome everybody
today
I have the honour and introducing a man
who needs no introduction the his legend
has been built
and his accomplishments are too many to
name
that man is my father the
most people strive their entire lives to
achieve great success
in a single fields my father has
succeeded in many
at the highest level and on a global
scale
he's enjoyed success in a vast diversity
and industries
because the common denominator is him
his vision his brilliance
his passion his work ethic and his
refusal
to take no for an answer the I've
enjoyed the good fortune of working
alongside my father for ten years now
and i've seen these principles in action
daily
I remember him telling me when I was a
little girl
even care if you're gonna be thinking
anyway
you might as well be thinking Bay and
that's how he approaches
any task that he undertakes he thinks
big my father is employed
tens of thousands of people throughout
his career and he is inspired them to do
extraordinary things
he has the strength to make hard
decisions
and motivate those around him to achieve
the impossible
he is an optimist who chases big dreams
and sees potential where others do not
he leads by example and will
out work anyone in any room
my father is
the opposite a politically correct he
says what he means
and he means what he says the
he is also the best negotiator
I have ever met countless times I have
stood by his side
and watch to make deals that seemed
impossible to get done
he has the discernment
understand what the other party needs
and then to get exactly what he wants my
father
knows how to be a fierce opponent but
also
how to be a very loyal friend when it
comes to building bridges
he can do so figuratively but also has
the rare ability
to do so literally on time and under
budget the throughout his career
my father has been repeatedly called
upon by local
and federal government to step in and
save
long-stalled grossly over budget public
projects whether it's building
a skating rink in the heart of Central
Park meticulously restoring
the exterior facade Grand Central
Terminal enabling the development
a new york city is jacob javits
Convention Center
creating a championship public golf
course for the City of New York
or redeveloping the iconic
but totally underutilized all post
office building
on pennsylvania avenue in the heart of
Washington DC
my father succeeds time and time again
where government has failed before him I
consider myself fortunate
to have learned from the best both as an
entrepreneur or
and as a parent my father's a man who is
deeply grounded in tradition
he raise my siblings and me
to work hard and to strive for
excellence
in all that we do he taught us
that we have a responsibility to make a
positive contribution to society
here today my father is again
leading me by example my generation
finds itself at a crossroads
our leadership has been mired
indie rocker C up its own creation if we
don't adapt
politically and economically our country
will be left behind
to address the many challenges we face
we don't need to talk we need action
we need execution we need someone who is
bold and independent
with a proven track record of
successfully creating and building
large and complex and complicated
organizations
and in the process enabling many many
americans to better their lives
I can tell you
that there's no better person than my
father to have in your corner
when you're facing tough opponents or
making hard decisions
he is battle-tested he is a dreamer
but perhaps more importantly he is a
doer
ladies and gentlemen
it is my pleasure to introduce to you
today
unmanned who I have loved and respected
my entire life my father Donald J trump
that is some group for people thousands
so nice thank you very much it's really
nice thank you
it's great to be a trump tower great to
be in our wonderful city new york
and it's an honor to have everybody here
this is beyond
anybody's expectations is been no crowd
like this
and I can tell you sum up the candidates
they winnin
they didn't know the air conditioner
didn't work they sweated like dogs
they didn't know the room was too big
because they didn't have anybody there
how they gonna beat I sis I don't think
it's gonna happen
our country is in serious trouble
we don't have victories
anymore we used to have victories but we
don't have 'em when was the last time
anybody saw %uh speeding let's say China
in a trade deal they kill us
IP China all the time all the time
when did we beat Japan
at anything they send their cars over
by the millions and what do we do
when was the last time use our Chevrolet
in Tokyo
it doesn't exist folks they beat us
all the time when do we beat Mexico
at the border they're laughing at us at
our stupidity and now they're beating us
economically they are not our friend
believe me but they're killing us
economically
the US has become a dumping ground
for everybody else's problems
the
tackle it's true
and these are the best in the finest
when mexico's sends its people they're
not sending their best
they're not sending you they're not
sending you
they're sending people that have lots of
problems
and they're bringing those problems with
us they're bringing drugs
they bring in crime their rapists and
some
I assume a good people but I speak to
border guards
and they tell us what we're getting and
it only makes common sense
it only makes common sense this sending
us
not the right people it's coming from
more than mexico it's coming from all
over south and Latin America and it's
coming
probably probably from the Middle East
but we don't know because we have no
protection
and we have no competence we don't know
what's happening and it's gotta stop
and its gotta stop fast
the
Islamic terrorism is heating up
large portions up the middle east
they become rich i'm in competition with
them
they just built a hotel in Syria can you
believe this
they built a hotel when I have to build
a hotel
I pay interest then I have to pay
interest because they took the oil
that when we left Iraq I said we should
have taken
so now ices has the oil
and what they don't have
haran haz and in nineteen
and I will tell you this and I said it
very strongly
years ago I said
and I love the military and i wanna have
the strongest military
that we've ever had and we need more now
than ever but I said don't
hit iraq because you don't it totally
destabilize the Middle East
a Rand is going to take over the middle
east
Iran and somebody else will get the oil
and it turned out that Iran is now
taking over iraq
they coveted a rant is taking over iraq
and they take it over big way we sped
to trillion dollars in Iraq to drill
your
we lost thousands of lives
thousands in Iraq we have wounded
soldiers who I love I love take great
all over the place thousands and
thousands of wounded soldiers
and we have nothing we can even go there
we have nothing
and every time we give a rack equipment
the first time a bullet goes off in the
air
they leave it last week I read to
thousand 300 hum these
these are big vehicles were left behind
for the enemy
2000 you would say maybe two
maybe four to thousand
300 sophisticated vehicles
there and and the enemy to you're right
the last quarter
it was just announce are gross domestic
product a sign of strength
right but not for us it was
below 0 who ever heard of this it's
never below zero
our labor participation rate was the
worst
since 1978 but they give the GDP below
zero
horrible labor participation rate and
are real
unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20
percent don't believe the 5.6
don't believe it that's right a lot of
people up there can't get a job
they can't get jobs because there are no
jobs
because China has our jobs and mexico
has our jobs they all other jobs
but the real number the real number
is anywhere from 18 19 and maybe even 21
percent and nobody talks about it
because it's a statistic thats
fallen out sense the
our enemies
are getting stronger and stronger by the
day
and we as a country are getting weaker
even our nuclear arsenal
does it work it came out recently
they have equipment that's thirty years
old they don't even know if it worked
and I thought it was horrible
when it was broadcast on television
because boy does that send signals
to Putin and all the other people
that look at us and they say that is a
group of
people and that is a nation that truly
has no clue take don't know what they're
doing
they don't know what they're doing we
have a disaster
called the big lie Obamacare
Obamacare yesterday came out
that costs are going for people
up 29 39 49
and even 55 percent
and deductibles are through the roof you
have to get hit by a tractor
literally a tractor to use it
because the deductibles are so high it's
virtually useless
it is a disaster and
remember the five billion dollar
website five billion we spent their
website
and to this day it doesn't work a5
billion dollar website I have so many
web sites have all over the place
I hire people they do a website a cost
me three dollars
5 billion dollar
website
where you need somebody
because politicians are all talk no
action
nothing's gonna get done they will not
bring us believe me
to the promise land they will not
as an example I've been on the circuit
making speeches and I hear
my fellow republicans in the wonderful
people
i cum they all want me to support them
they don't know how to bring about the
come up to my office I
a meeting with reaffirming the next week
and they don't know
are you running are you not running
could we have to support
what do we do how do we do it i like 'em
and I hear their speeches and they don't
talk jobs and they don't talk China was
the last time you heard
China is killing us did devaluing their
currency to a level that you wouldn't
believe it makes it
impossible for our companies to compete
impossible they're killing us
but you don't hear that from anybody
else you don't hear it from
anybody else and I watched this features
thank you i watch the speeches are these
people
and they say the Sun will rise
the move will set all sorts of wonderful
things will happen I'll
and people are saying what's going on
I just want a job just get me a job
I don't need the rhetoric I want a job
and that's what's happening and it's
going to get worse because remember
Obamacare really kicks in and 16
2016 Obama is going to be out playing
golf
he might even be on one of my courses I
would invite him I actually would say
I have the best courses in the world
site say you know what if you want see I
have one right next to the white house
right on the potomac if you'd like to
play that's fine
fact I'd love them to leave early and
play that would be a very good
but
Obamacare kicks in in 2016
really big lake it is going to be
amazingly destructive doctors acquitting
I have a friend who is a doctor and he
said to me the other day Donald
I never saw anything like it I have more
accountants
that I have nurses it's a disaster my
patience
are decide themselves they had a plan
that was good they have no plan now
we have to repeal Obamacare and it can
reap
be replayed add it can be replaced with
something much better
for everybody let it be for everybody
but much better and much less expensive
for people
and for the government and we can do it
show
I've watched the politicians I dealt
with them all my life
if you can't make a good deal with the
politician then there's something wrong
with you you're certainly not very good
and that's what we have representing us
they will never make America great
again.
they don't even have a chance they're
controlled
fully they're controlled falling
by the lobbyists by the donors
and by the special interests clearly
thats
the controller pay I have lobbyists I
had to take I have lobbyist can produce
anything for me
a great but you know what it won't
happen
it won't happen because we have to stop
doing things for some people but for
this country it's destroying
country we have to stop and it has to
stop now
now our country needs
our country needs
a truly great leader and we need a truly
great leader now
we need a leader
that wrote the art of the deal we need
a leader that can bring back I jobs can
bring back our manufacturing can bring
back our military take care of our vets
our vets have been abandoned and we also
need
a cheerleader you know when
President Obama was elected I said well
the one thing I think you'll do well I
think he'll be a great cheerleader
for the country I think you'd be a great
spirit
he was vibrant he was your I really
thought that he would be a great
cheerleader
he's not a leader that's true
you're right about that but he wasn't
a cheerleader he's actually a negative
force it's been a negative force
he was a cheerleader he was the opposite
we need somebody
that can take the brand up the United
States
and make it great again it's not great
again
we me we need some body
we need somebody
that literally will take this country
and make it great again we can do that
and I will tell you I love my life
I have a wonderful family they're saying
dead you gonna do something that's going
to be so tough you know all of my life
I've heard
that a truly successful person really
really successful person and even
modestly successful cannot run
for public office just can't happen and
yet that's the kind of mindset
that you need to make this country great
again so
ladies and gentlemen I am officially
running
the
for President of the United States the
and we are going to make
our country great again
it can happen
our country has tremendous potential
we have tremendous people we have people
that
aren't working we people that have no
incentive to work
but they gonna have incentive to work
because the greatest
social program is a job and they'll be
proud and they'll love it
and they'll make much more money than
they would've ever made
and they'll be they'll be doing so well
and we're going to be thriving as a
country
thriving it can happen I will be
the greatest jobs president that God
ever created I tell you the I'll bring
back I jobs from China from Mexico from
Japan
from so many places I'll bring back I
jobs and I'll bring back our money
right now think if this way out China
1.3 trillion dollars we r Japan
more than that so they come in they take
a job they take our money and then
they'll owners back the money
and we pay them in a dress and then the
dollar goes up
so their deals even better how
stupid our own leaders house stupid
are these politicians to allow this to
happen
house stupid art
I'm going to tell you thank you I'm
gonna tell you a couple of stars
about trade because I'm totally against
the trade bill
for a number of reasons number one the
people negotiating
don't have a clue our president doesn't
have a clue
is a bad to go sheer he's the one that
did Bergdahl
we get bad girl they get five killer
terrorists that everybody wanted
over there we get burger we get a
traitor we get a no good trader
and they get the five people that they
wanted for years
and those people and now back to the
battlefield trying to kill us
that's a negotiator we have take a look
at the deal he's making with Iran
he makes that deal Israel maybe won't
exist very long
it's a disaster and we have to protect
Israel
but so we need people on the free trader
but the problem with free trade
is unique really talented people
to negotiate for you if you don't have
talented people if you don't have great
leadership if you don't have people that
know business is not just a political
hack
they got the job because he made a
contribution to a campaign
which is the way all jobs just about a
got free trade is terrible
free trade can be wonderful if you have
smart people but we have people that are
stupid we have people that aren't smart
I we have people that are controlled by
special interests and
it's just not going to work so here's a
coupla stories happen
recently a friend of mine is a great
manufacture
and you know china comes over and a
double their stuff and i buy it i buy
because frankly I have an obligation to
buy because they devalue their
currencies so brilliantly they just did
a recently
and nobody thought they could do it
again but with all our problems with
Russia
with all our problems with everything
everything
they got away with it again and it's a
possible
for our people here to complete so I
won't tell you the story
for two months a great manufacture calls
me up
few weeks ago is very upset
as to what you prop he said you know I'm
a great product I said I know I know
that because i buy the product he said i
cant get it into China
they won't accept it I sent a boat over
and they actually sent it back
they talked about environmental they
talked about also to crap that had
nothing to do with it
I said oh wait a minute that's terrible
does anyone know this he said yet they
do it all the time with other people
I said they sent it back yeah so I
finally got it over there
and they charged me a big para did not
supposed to be doing that
I told them now they do charge a tariff
or trucks
when we send trucks and other things
over there s Boeing
they wanted Boeing secrets they wanted
their patents in all their secrets
before they agreed to buy planes from
Boeing pay
I'm not saying this stupid I'd like
China
I sell apartment 210 I just sold an
apartment for fifteen million dollars
to somebody from China am I supposed to
dislike
I own a big chunk at the Bank of America
building in 1290 Avenue of the Americas
that I got from China in a war 0
very valuable I love China
the biggest bank in the world is from
China
you know where their United States
headquarters is located
in this building in Trump Tower I love
China
people so you don't like China know I
love
but their leaders are much smarter than
our leaders
and we can sustain ourself with that is
too much
it's like it's like take the New England
Patriots and Tom Brady
and have them play your high school
football team
that's the difference between China's
leaders
and our leaders they are ripping us we
are rebuilding China
we're rebuilding many countries China
you go there now
roads bridges schools you
this or anything like it they have
bridges that make the George Washington
Bridge look like small potatoes
and they're all over the place we have
all the cards
but we don't know how to use them we
don't even know that we have the cards
because our leaders
don't understand the game we could turn
off that spigot
by charging them tax until they behave
properly
now they're going militarily they're
building a military Island
in the middle at the South China Sea a
military Island
now our country could never do that
because we have to get environmental
clearance
and the environmentalists would let a
cat we would never build in an ocean
they built in about 1 year this massive
military port
they're building up their military to
appoint
that is very scary you have a problem
with my sis you have a bigger problem
with china
and in my opinion the new China believe
it or not in terms of trade
is mexico so this man tells me about
the manufacturing I say that's a
terrible story I hate to hear
but I have another one Ford so mexico
takes a company car company that was
going to build in Tennessee
rips it out everybody thought the deal
was dead reported in the wall street
journal
recently everybody thought it was a done
deal
it's going in and that's going to be it
going into tennessee great state great
people
all other son at the last moment this
big car manufacture far in
announces they're not going to Tennessee
they gonna spend a billion dollars in
Mexico instead
not good now for denounces
a few weeks ago therefore it is going to
build
82.5 billion dollar
car and dropped and parts
manufacturing plant
in mexico 2.5 billions could be one of
the largest in the world
Fort good company so I announced
that I'm running for president I would
one of the early things I would do
probably before even getting and I
wouldn't even use you know I have I know
the smartest negotiators in the world
I know the good ones I know the bad ones
I know the overrated what you got a lot
of that are overrated
they're not good they think they are
they get good stores has a newspaper's
get buffaloed
but they're not good but I know the best
negotiators in the world and I put 'em
one for each country believe me folks we
will do very very well
very very well but I wouldn't even waste
my time with this one I would call up
the head of or do I know
if I was present
at say congratulations I i understand
that you're building a nice
2.5 billion dollar car factory in mexico
and that you gonna take you guys and
sounded United States zero tax
just flown across the board and you say
to yourself
how does that help us right sign up is
where is a good it's not
so it's a congratulations that's the
good news let me give you the bad news
every car every truck
in every part manufactured in this plant
that comes across the border we're going
to charge you a 35 percent tax
hey and that tax
is going to be paid simultaneously with
the transaction and that said
here's what's gonna happen if it's not
me in the position it's one of these
politicians that we're running against
you know that
400 people that were already and here's
what's gonna happen
did not so stupid they know it's not a
good thing
and they may even be upset by but then
they get to get a call from their donors
or probably from the lobbyist for four
say you can't do that to Fort because
forty
takes care of me and I take a review and
you can't do that to Fort
a guess what no problem taken to build
in Mexico they gonna take away thousands
of jobs it's very bad for us cell
under President Trump here's what
happened the head afford
will call me back I would say within an
hour
after I told them the bad news but it
could be
wanna be cool and you wait till the next
day
you know they want to be a little cool
and I'll say please please please go
back for a little while
and I'll say no interest they'll call
also it's a political people and I'll
say
sorry fellas no interest because I don't
need anybody's money is nice
I don't need anybody's I'm using my own
money
I'm not using the lobbyists are not
using donors I don't care
I'm really rich sure that this by the
way
I'm not even saying that in a bragger
that's the kind of mindset that's a
kinda think it you need for this
country shell because we can make the
country Ridge it sounds crest somebody
should know that's kress
not press we got 18 trillion in debt
we got nothing but problems we get a
military that needs equip it all over
the place
we got nuclear weapons that are obsolete
we've got nothing we got social security
that's going to be destroyed
if somebody like me doesn't bring money
into the country all these other people
want to cut the hell outta
I'm not going to cut it all I'm gonna
bring money in
how we're gonna say but here's what's
gonna happen
after I'm called by 30 friends of mine
who contributed
different campaigns after I'm called by
all the special interests and by the
the donors and by the lobbyists
and they have zero chance a convincing
me 0
I get a call the next day from the head
afford
the state please reconsider all say no
he'll say mister president we decided to
move
the plant back to the United States
we're not going to build and much
check they have no choice they have no
choice
there are hundreds of things like that
a give another example Saudi Arabia
they make a billion dollars
a day a billion dollars a day
I love the saudis many are in this
building they make
a billion dollars a day whenever their
problems we send over the ship's we said
we're going to protect what we doing
began nothing but money if the right
person
ask them they pay a fortune they
wouldn't be there
except for us and believe me you look at
the border with Yemen
you remember Obama a year ago yeah man
was a great victory
red two weeks later the place was
blown-up
everybody get handicapped are equipped
they always keep our equipment
witness it used equipment right there
was keep our equipment
this is a real job because frankly
it would be where to send our surplus
were always losing this gorgeous friend
mister
but look at that border with Saudi
Arabia do you really think
that these people are interested in
Yemen
Saudi Arabia without us
is gone day gone and I'm the one that
made all the right predictions about
iraq
you know all these politicians and I'm
running against
now like it's so nice to say I'm running
as opposed to if I Ron
if I run running
but all these politicians that I'm
running against now
they're trying to disassociate me you
look to push it took him five days
to answer the question on iraqi couldn't
answer the question now
I said is intelligent and I look at
rubia he was unable to answer the
question
is a racket good thing or a bad thing he
didn't know he couldn't answer the
question
how are these people going to lead us
how we couldn't how we gonna go back in
make it great again weekend they don't
have a clue
take it lead us they can't they can't
even answer simple questions
it was terrible but Saudi Arabia is in
big big trouble
now thanks to fracking and other things
the Oilers all over the place and I used
to say it
their ships at sea in this was doing the
worst crisis
that were loaded up with oil and the
cartel
kept the pressure because again
there was smarter than our lives they
were smarter than a lease
there is so much wealth out there that
can make our country so rich again
and therefore make it great again
because we need money
with dying with dying
we need money we have to do it
we need the right people soak
Ford will come back they'll all come
back
and I will say this: this is going to be
an election in my opinion that's based
on
competence somebody said
thank you down
somebody said to me the other day a
reporter very nice reporter
but mister trump you're not a nice
person
that show but actually I am
I think I am a nice person people that
know me like me
does my family like me I think so right
with my fam a proud of my family
by the way speaking to my family Malani
a
barren Chi Donnie
Don Venessa Tiffany
a Bocca did a great job did she do a
great job great the Jared Lara
and Eric I'm very proud of my family
they're great family so
the reporter said to me the other day
but missed a trap
you're not a nice person how can you get
people to
vote for you I said now I said I think
that
number 1 i'ma nice person give a lot of
money away
to charities and other things I think
I'm actually
a very nice person but I said this is
going to be an election
that's based on competence because
people are tired of these nice people
and they're tired of being ripped off by
everybody in the world
and they're tired of spending more money
on education then any nation in the
world per capita
than any nation in the world
and would 26 in the world 25 countries
are better than I said education and
some of them are like third world
countries
but we're becoming a third world country
because of our infrastructure
our airports are roads everything so one
of the things I did and I said you know
what I'll do
%uh do it because a lot of people said
he'll never run number one you want to
give up his lifestyle
to read about that but I'm doing number
two
I'm a private company so nobody knows
what I'm worth and the one thing is that
when you run
you have to announce and certify
to all sorts of governmental authorities
your net worth so I said that's okay
I'm proud of my net with that done an
amazing job I started off
thank you I started off in a small
office with my father in Brooklyn and
Queens
and my father said and I love my father
I learned so much he was a great
negotiator
I learned so much just sitting at his
feet playing with blocks
listening to him negotiate with
subcontractors
but I learned a lot but he's to say
Donald don't go into Manhattan that's
the big leagues
we don't know anything about that don't
do it is it then I gotta go into
Manhattan
I got a bill those big buildings I gotta
do it dead I've gotta do it
and after four or five years in Brooklyn
I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot
a great deals the Grand Hyatt Hotel
I was responsible for the convention
center on the west side I did a lot of
great deals and I didn't
early and young and now a building all
over the world and I love what I'm doing
but they all said a lot of the pundits
on television
well Donald will never run and what are
the main reasons is
his private and he's probably not as
successful
as everybody thinks so I said to myself
you know nobody's ever gonna know unless
I run
because I'm really proud of my success I
really here
I've employed I've employed
hands up thousands a people
over my lifetime that means medical that
means education
that means every so a large accounting
firm in my accountants have been working
for months
because it's big and complex and they
put together
a state financials
is a summary but everything will be
filed eventually with
the government and we don't need
extensions or anything will be filing
right on we don't need any and
it was even reported incorrectly
estimate because they said he had assets
up nine billion says nice a wrong number
that's the wrong number not SS so
they put together this and before I say
I have to say this
I made your fashion which real estate
you notes
list its labor and its unions good and
some bad
and lots of people that are in unions
and its all over the place
and building all over the world and I
have assets
big accounting for while the most highly
respected
nine billion 240
million dollars and I have
liabilities
about 500 thats long-term debt
very low interest rates that one of the
big banks came to me said
Donald you don't have another borrowings
could we loan you four billion dollars
that I don't need it
I don't want it and I been there I don't
want it
but in two seconds they give me whatever
I wanted so I have
a total net worth and now with the
increase it'll be
well over ten billion dollars but here a
total net worth
love eight billion net worth not assets
not liability a net worth
after all dat
after all expenses the greatest asset
Trump Tower 12 ninety Evony the Americas
Bank of America building in San
Francisco
40 Wall Street sometimes referred to
as the Trump building right opposite the
New York's
many other places all over the world so
the
total is eight billion 737
million five hundred and forty thousand
dollars now I'm not doing that
I'm not doing that to Breakers you know
what and at the break I don't have to
believe it or not
I'm doing that this day that that's the
kind
of think Keeney our country needs
we need that think we have the opposite
thinking
we have losers
we have losers we have people that don't
have it we have people that are morally
corrupt
we have people that are selling this
country down the drain
so I put together the statement and the
only reason I'm telling you about it
today
is because we really do
have to get going because if we have
another three or four years you know
where 18 trillion now
we're soon going to be at $20 trillion
according to the economist who are not
big believers in but
nevertheless is what they're saying that
24 trillion we're very close that's the
point
have no return 24 trillion dollars we
will be there soon
that's when we become Greece thats
when we become a country that's on
salvageable and we're gonna be there
very soon we're gonna be there very soon
cell
just to sum up I would do
various things very quickly I would
repeal and replace the big lie Obama
Care
I would build
a great wall and nobody bills was better
than me believe me
and I'll build 'em very inexpensively I
will build a great
great wall on our southern border and I
will have Mexico
pay for that wall mark my words nobody
would be tougher
on ices then donald Trump nope I
I will find within our military
I will find the General Patton
or I will find general macarthur I will
find
the right guy I will find the guy that's
going to take that military
and make it really work nobody nobody
will be pushing us around
I will stop Iran
from getting nuclear weapons
and we will be using a man like
secretary carry that has
absolutely no concept of negotiation
whose make it a horrible it laughable
Dale who's just being tapped a long as
they make
weapons right now and then goes into a
bicycle race at 72 years old
and falls and breaks his leg I will be
doing that and I promise I will never be
in a bicycle race that I can tag
I will immediately terminate a
President Obama's illegal
executive order on immigration
immediately
fully support and backup
the Second Amendment now
very interesting today I heard through
stupidity
in a very very hardcore prison
interestingly name
clinton to vicious murders
to vicious people escaped and nobody
knows where they are
and a woman was on television this
morning
and she said you know mister juppe she
was telling other people like
actually called but she said you know
mister trap
I always was against god's I didn't want
guns
and now since this happened
its up in the prison area my husband and
I
are finally an agreement does he wanted
the guns we now have a gun on every
table
we're ready to start shooting I said
very interesting so
protect the second mm and
and Common Core
Common Core should
it is a disaster Bush is totally in
favor of Common Core
I don't see how he can possibly get the
nomination
he's we got immigration he's in favor of
Common Core
how the hell can you vote for this guy
you just can't do it
we have to end education has to be local
rebuild the country's
infrastructure nobody can do that
like me believe me it will be done on
time
on budget way below cost way below what
anyone ever thought
I look at these roads being built all
over the country
and I say I can build those things to
one-third what they do is
unbelievable how bad you know what
building
on pennsylvania avenue the Old Post
Office were converting it to
one of the world's great hotels could be
the best hotel in Washington DC
we got it from the general services
administration
in washington the O Parma administration
we got it it was the most highly sought
after all one of them but I think the
most highly sought after
project in the history up general
service
we got it people were shocked trumka
I got it for two reasons number one
we're really good number
do we had a really good plan and I lead
in the third
we had a great financial statement
because the general services who were
terrific people by the way
and talented people they wanted to do a
great job and they want to make sure got
built
so we have to rebuild our infrastructure
our bridges our roadways are airports
you come into LaGuardia Airport
it's like we're in a third world country
you look at the patches in the
forty-year-old floor they throw down
asphalt in a truck you look at these
airports we are like a third world
country
and I come in from China and I come in
from Qatar and I come in from
different places and they have the most
incredible airports in the world
you come back to this country and you
have LAX
disaster you have all these disasters
airports we have to rebuild are in for
save medicare medicaid
and social security without cuts have to
do it
get rid of the fraud get whether the
real waste and abuse
but save it people have been paying in
three years
and now many these candidates want to
cut it you save it
by making the United States by make it
as rich again
by taking back all of the money that's
being lost
renegotiate are far in
trade deals reduce our
18 trillion in debt because believe me
were in a bubble we have artificially
low interest rates
we have a stock market that frankly it's
been good to me but I still hate to see
what's happening
we have a stock market that is so
bloated
be careful though the bubble because
what you've seen in the past might be
small potatoes
compared to what happens so be very very
careful and strengthen
our military and take care of our vets
so
so import sadly
the American dream
is dead but if I get elected president
I will bring it back bigger
at better and stronger then ever before
and we will make America
great again thank you thank you very
much

THAT'S THE MAN.
[ CROWD CHANTING ]
>> SO AGAIN, WE HAVE TO THANK 
THE CANDIDATES BECAUSE THEY 
REALLY RAN -- WE HAVE SOME VERY 
TALENTED PEOPLE.
AND TO BE VICTORIOUS AGAINST 
SOME OF THESE PEOPLE, EVEN IF 
IT'S FOR ONE WEEK, BUT BELIEVE 
ME, IT'S GOING TO BE FOR MANY OF
WEEKS, OKAY?
THEY REALLY ARE TERRIFIC.
A NUMBER OF THEM CALLED.
I JUST WANTED TO THANK THEM BUT 
I WANTED TO CONGRATULATE THE 
OTHER CANDIDATES, OKAY?
NOW THAT I GOT THAT OVER WITH, 
YOU KNOW, IT'S ALWAYS TOUGH AND 
THEN TOMORROW BOOM, BOOM.
BUT THAT'S THE WAY IT IS.
AND REALLY, WE HAVE SOME REAL 
TALENT, REAL TALENT IN THE 
REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE RNC AND
REINCE, WE WANT TO THANK 
EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WELL, I'LL TELL UP, WHAT I'LL 
TELL YOU YOU WHAT, WHAT DO WE 
REALLY WANT TO THANK, RIGHT?
WE WANT TO THANK THE PEOPLE OF 
NEW HAMPSHIRE, RIGHT?
DO WE LOVE THE PEOPLE OF NEW 
HAMPSHIRE?
[ CHEERS ]
YOU KNOW, I SAID IT AND I SAID 
IT A YEAR AGO, I SAID I'M GOING 
TO DO REALLY WELL THERE BECAUSE 
I'M HERE A LOT AND IT'S SO 
BEAUTIFUL AND I LOVE IT SO MUCH 
AND I LOVE THE PEOPLE AND I SAID
I ACTUALLY THINK THEY LIKE ME A 
LOT AND THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN WE 
STARTED GETTING NUMBERS IN AND 
EVERYONE SAID HOW COME THEY LIKE
TRUMP SO MUCH BUT I HAVE SO MANY
FRIENDS UP HERE AND THEY ARE 
SPECIAL, SPECIAL PEOPLE.
SO, NEW HAMPSHIRE, I WANT TO 
THANK YOU.
WE LOVE YOU.
WE'RE GOING TO BE BACK A LOT.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO FORGET YOU.
YOU STARTED IT.
REMEMBER, YOU STARTED IT.
UP 
YOU KNOW, WHEN I CAME OUT, I 
HEARD THE END OF BERNIE AS 
SPEECH AND SOME OF THE 
BEGINNING.
NO, NO, FIRST OF ALL, WE HAVE TO
CONGRATULATE HIM.
WE MAY NOT LIKE IT.
I HEARD PART OF BEIRNE AS 
SPEECH.
HE WANTS TO GIVE AWAY OUR 
COUNTRY, FOLKS.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO LET IT 
HAPPEN.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE IT'S GOING 
WITH BERNIE.
WE WISH HIM A LOT OF LUCK.
WE'RE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA 
GREAT AGAIN UP WE'RE GOING TO 
DID IT THE OLD FASHIONED WAY.
WE'RE GOING TO BEAT CHINA, 
JAPAN, BEAT MEXICO AT TRADE.
WE'RE GOING TO BEAT ALL OF THESE
COUNTRIES THAT ARE TAKING SO 
MUCH OF OUR MONEY AWAY FROM US 
ON A DALY BASIS.
IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN ANYMORE
BEEM H
.
WE HAVE THE GREATEST PEOPLE IN 
THE WORLD.
WE HAVE POLITICAL HACKS 
NEGOTIATING OUR DEALS FOR 
BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND 
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN ANYMORE.
WE'RE GOING TO USE THE FINEST 
BUSINESS PEOPLE IN THE WORLD.
WE ARE GOING TO DO SOMETHING SO 
GOOD AND SO FAST AND SO STRONG 
AND THE WORLD IS GOING TO 
RESPECT US AGAIN, BELIEVE ME.
WE'RE GOING TO -- DO WE LOVE OUR
COUNTRY?
DO WE LOVE OUR COUNTRY?
I THINK ONE OF THE THINGS THAT 
REALLY CAUGHT ON, IT'S VERY 
IMPORTANT, SELF-FUNDING MY 
CAMPAIGN.
EVERYBODY ON BOTH SIDES, AND YOU
KNOW I WAS SAYING TWO WEEKS AGO,
I SAID I DON'T THINK PEOPLE 
REALLY APPRECIATE IT BECAUSE I 
SEE ALL OF THIS MONEY BEING 
POURED INTO COMMERCIALS AND IT'S
NOT THEIR MONEY, IT'S SPECIAL 
INTEREST MONEY.
THIS IS ON BOTH SIDES, THE 
DEMOCRAT SIDE, THE REPUBLICAN 
SIDE.
MONEY JUST POURING INTO 
COMMERCIALS.
THESE ARE SPECIAL INTERESTS, 
FOLKS.
THESE ARE LOBBYISTS.
THESE ARE PEOPLE THAT DON'T 
NECESSARILY LOVE OUR COUNTRY, 
THEY DON'T HAVE THE BEST 
INTERESTS OF OUR COUNTRY AT 
HEART.
WE WERE NOT GOING TO LET IT 
HAPPEN.
WE CAN'T.
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
BHU
.
WHEN YOU SEE THE KIND OF DEALS 
MADE IN OUR COUNTRY, THEY'RE 
MADE FOR THEIR BENEFIT.
WE HAVE TO STOP IT.
FOR YOUR BENEFIT, WE'RE GOING TO
MAKE THE DEALS FOR THE AMERICAN 
PEOPLE.
THAT'S THE WAY IT IS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I LOVE THESE SIGNS.
THEY'RE THE MOST IMAGINATIVE 
SIGNS.
WE'RE GOING TO MAKE GREAT DEALS,
WE'RE GOING TO REBUILD OUR 
MILITARY.
NOBODY -- NOBODY IS GOING TO 
MESS WITH US.
BELIEVE ME, NOBODY.
WE ARE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF OUR
VETS!
WHERE IS AL?
WHERE IS AL?
WE LOVE AL!
ALL RIGHT, AL?
GET UP HERE IF YOU CAN.
WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF OUR 
VETS.
OUR VETS ARE TREATED HORRIBLY.
THEY'RE OUR GREATEST PEOPLE.
OUR VETS ARE GOING TO BE TAKEN 
CARE OF AND YOU REMEMBER THAT, 
EVERYBODY.
RIGHT?
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE STRONG, 
INCREDIBLE BORDERS AND PEOPLE 
ARE GOING TO COME INTO OUR 
COUNTRY BUT THEY'RE GOING TO 
COME IN LEGALLY.
LEGALLY.
WE'RE GOING TO BUILD A WALL.
IT'S GOING TO BE BUILT.
IT'S NOT EVEN BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
IT'S NOT EVEN A DIFFICULT THING 
TO DO.
AND, BY THE WAY, FOR THE PEOPLE 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE WHERE YOU HAVE 
A FLTREMENDOUS PROBLEM WITH HERN
AND DRUGS, THE FIRST THING THEY 
MENTION PLEASE DO SOMETHING 
BECAUSE THERE'S SO MUCH OF IT, 
IT'S SO CHEAP.
WE'RE GOING TO END IT.
WE'RE GOING TO END IT AT THE 
SOUTHERN BORDER.
IT'S GOING TO BE OVER.
AND WE'RE GOING TO WORK REALLY 
HARD TO GET THOSE PEOPLE THAT 
ARE SO ADDICTED OFF THE HABIT.
WE'RE GOING TO WORK LIKE HELL TO
TAKE CARE OF THE SITUATION.
IT'S A HUGE PROBLEM IN NEW 
HAMPSHIRE.
IT'S A HUGE PROBLEM ALL OVER OUR
COUNTRY.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE BORDERS 
GIVEN AND WE'RE GOING TO WORK 
WITH YOU PEOPLE TO HELP YOU 
SOLVE THAT VERY BIG PROBLEM AND 
WE'LL GET IT DONE.
[ CROWD CHANTING ]
>> THAT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
WHAT A GROUP OF PEOPLE.
AND ON TOP OF THIS GROUP, WE 
HAVE THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE OUTSIDE
THAT CAN'T EVEN GET IN.
THAT'S WHEN WE HAVE, THOUSANDS 
OF PEOPLE.
HEALTH CARE.
WE'RE GOING TO REPEAL AND 
REPLACE OBAMA CARE.
IT IS A TOTAL DISASTER.
WE'RE REPEALING AND REPLACING 
OBAMA CARE.
IT'S GONE.
WE'RE GETTING RID OF COMMON 
CORE.
WE'RE GOING TO EDUCATION OUR 
CHILDREN LOCALLY.
WE EDUCATE OUR CHILDREN LOCALLY.
WE ARE GOING TO PRESERVE OUR 
VERY SACRED SECOND AMENDMENT.
THERE'S NOT GOING TO BE ANY MORE
CHIPPING AWAY AT OUR SECOND 
AMENDMENT.
IF WE HAD PROTECTION IN 
CALIFORNIA RECENTLY AND SO MANY 
OTHER PLACE, YOU COULD EVEN LOOK
TO PARIS.
PARIS HAS THE TOUGHEST GUN LAWS 
IN THE WORLD.
FRANCE HAS THE TOUGHEST GUN LAWS
IN THE WORLD.
THESE ANIMALS GO IN, THEY START 
SHOOTING, ONE, TWO, THREE, 130 
PEOPLE WITH MANY PEOPLE HORRIBLY
WOUNDED, HORRIBLY WOUNDED RIGHT 
NOW IN THE HOSPITAL.
IF THERE WERE BULLETS GOING IN 
THE OTHER DIRECTION, BELIEVE ME,
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A WHOLE 
DIFFERENT STORY, FOLKS.
BUT NOBODY HAD PROTECTION.
I AM GOING TO BE THE GREATEST 
JOBS PRESIDENT THAT GOD EVER 
CREATED.
REMEMBER THAT.
DON'T BELIEVE THOSE PHONY 
NUMBERS WHEN YOU HEAR 4.9 AND 5%
UNEMPLOYMENT.
THE NUMBER'S PROBABLY 28, 29, AS
HIGH AS 35.
IN FACT, I EVEN HEARD RECENTLY 
42%.
DO YOU HAVE THINK -- IF WE HAD 
5% UNEMPLOYMENT, DO YOU REALLY 
THINK WEED HAVE THESE 
GATHERINGS?
FORGETTING ABOUT SECURITY, 
FORGETTING ABOUT ISIS, WHICH, BY
THE WAY WE'RE GOING TO KNOCK THE
HELL OUT OF ISIS.
WE'RE GOING TO KNOCK THE HELL 
OUT OF THEM.
AND IT'S GOING TO BE DONE THE 
RIGHT WAY.
SO WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF 
THE ECONOMY.
WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF 
JOBS, WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE 
OF ALL OF.
THINGS THAT I SAID, OUR BORDER, 
HEALTH CARE.
IT'S GOING TO BE SO GREAT.
REMEMBER THIS ABOUT OBAMA CARE.
PEOPLE ARE FORGETTING BUT NOW 
THEY'RE MISERABLE BECAUSE IT'S 
GOING UP 45%, 35%, 55%.
IT'S TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL.
PROBABLY SINKING OF ITS OWN 
VOLITION IN 2017, UNLESS THE 
REPUBLICANS GIVE IT ANOTHER -- I
MEAN, WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THE BUDGET.
THE LAST BUDGET THAT WAS 
APPROVED IS AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER
FOR EVERYBODY IN THIS COUNTRY.
WEEP OWE $19 TRILLION AS OF 
TODAY.
WEEP JUST CROSSED THE $19 
TRILLION MARK.
WE'RE GOING TO VERY SHORTLY BE 
AT $ 21 TRILLION BECAUSE OF THE 
BUDGET.
WE ARE GOING TO MAKE OUR COUNTRY
SO STRONG.
WE ARE GOING TO START WINNING 
AGAIN.
AS A COUNTRY WE DON'T WIN ON 
TRADE, WE DON'T WIN WITH THE 
MILITARY, WE CAN'T BEAT ISIS.
WE DOESN'T WIN WITH ANYTHING.
WE ARE GOING TO START WINNING 
AGAIN AND WE'RE GOING TO WIN SO 
MUCH, YOU ARE GOING TO BE SO 
HAPPY, WE ARE GOING TO MAKE 
AMERICA SO GREAT AGAIN, MAYBE 
GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE.
I LOVE YOU ALL.
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, NEW 
HAMPSHIRE.
THANK YOU.
WE ARE GOING NOW TO SOUTH 

we love you
Birmingham we love you
thank you very much everybody
and we're gonna have a lot of fun and
then get you out to those football games
have this many people I'm getting you
outta here I'm getting you out baby I'll
go watch one of them with you tell you I
love and you do have great teams you do
have great football players are great so
so a lot of things have happened over
the last week
lot of bad things actually we have a
president whose representatives very
poorly very very poorly
raptly actually we have a situation
where isis has raised its ugly head
again and we gotta chop off that had
like they're chopping off heads so
terrible you know I I did a lot of
tweeting equil donald Trump right at
real Donald Trump and I said you can
call it dumps they've got IQs at a low
believe me you can call the leader of
the dogs a mastermind can't do it I've
been watching for a week and now I will
tell you I really was it big when I said
the same thing and another speech
recently got a lot of play
you know they've taken the internet and
using it better than our country and
certainly our politicians and our
executives are using it better than
anybody and I were you
separable in all fairness this
acceptable and you have these kids
coming home and they say mom and dad did
you see the mastermind to mister major
more on that here by the way is also
dead which is great
and I told us they don't call Ms you're
building your building up their image
you know we have a president that
doesn't know anything about what we're
talking about he doesn't know in Iraq he
calls to head to supreme leader yes the
supreme leader I promise you I will
never called him the supreme leader
Colin Hay you hey how you doing are you
doing everything good case where we're
going to renegotiate your deal we're
gonna make it much better going to
renegotiate that sucker piggly and you
can you give us back those prisoners
before I take office ok gonna give us
give it give them back how about that
here we have carried who doesn't have a
clue week in effective baggage to make a
deal and we had all the cards we had a
hundred and fifty billion dollars to
negotiate with and what happens what
happens he is a loser just said he's
illusion that such a descriptive term
and some of the president user too much
for you know went to an Ivy League
college I know a lot of words but I'm a
loser is so nice to say good work
not only in describing certain crippled
that's a lot of people a lot of you but
you look a hundred and fifty billion
dollars going to a terrorist nation they
got everything they wanted about the
self inspection they self inspect about
that one
when they don't jump inspect we have 24
hours meaning they get 24 hours that
shoots into 24 days but the twenty-four
hours could go on forever before we get
the approval to start the clock ticking
for the 24 days but even if it did
twenty four days we think you doing
something wrong
oh ok comeback in 24 days was by that
time I have it
room clean I used to clean garages for
my father and I always used to say clean
and my father was said to me son I want
that garage in mint condition used to
use the term mint condition just a term
used immaculate not like what we do
nowadays things aren't so immaculate
thank you I don't know I think he said
something thank you but what happens
what we need what we need is we need
leadership so badly we can be so great
again
well left that where Scott that we're
rob was clear on what we're up you look
at the original you look at the
prisoners so you say why don't we have a
back and they said because we didn't
want to complicate the deal you believe
it so we have four men over there right
now in the worst of the worst I met one
of them a Christian pastor
his life twice so lovely cannot
understand nobody is fictional but he
calls a nobody talks about the
negotiation and that should have been
done early did you ever see a deal to
make sure we're giving them all of this
money that people are still pouring in
Europe so lucky to be in here by the way
look at
people a lot of people outside by the
way if you want we can wait about an
hour and everybody if you want to do
that to be angry they'll be pouring in
and by the time the last one gets in
I'll be saying goodbye make America
great again goodbye darling of the
people but that deal there and it took
so long to do one of the big magazines
call me up and said tell me how long
should have taken a shit day maybe of
you doing poorly two days to give it a
week we've been negotiating this thing
for years so here's my man over there
look at that book called that book I
dropped the art of the deal he read it
you shouldn't negotiated for us get me
that book of luck W that book bring up
took over here bring that book over here
bring it over here let me that book I'll
sign it I mean any guide that much
we should send a copy to Obama and to
carry believable health science books
during his speech with me is just racing
again about books go out and get
crippled american believe it or not
doing great but I think really like the
art of the deal was the hardest I have
worked on a book that I had a lot of
bestsellers right after that but it
didn't work so hard this is the second
largest I've ever worked in a book there
it is the second hardest and it talks
about america i mean it talks about the
problems of our country but it also
talks about how to fix the problems you
know like critics I never liked even
movie critics theater critics they
complain but they can't do it themselves
you know I don't like people that
complain so we talk about fixing our
country towards thank you fellows it's
very nice noticed group from Alabama I
mean
the guys up there hi mr Tumble you sign
the book I'm making this feature but the
answer is yes that's what happens when
you're aggressive he's an aggressive
guys are you looking for a job I'll give
you a show the iran deal took so long we
didn't get anything we lost every point
went on forever
during intermissions they'd be
celebrating in the streets of the
negotiators and as Obama would say the
supreme leader would stand up at the
podium and essentially say that the
United States has really really really
stupid leaders you know if I would doing
a deal and somebody said the kind of
things that they said and all of us
because sadly we're into the category of
been there representing us I would never
go back to the table now in the case of
the prisons they should we want the
prisoners released from now three years
ago
release them now you don't need him you
don't want to give people don't even
know you have them released the
prisoners now it'll be good for the deal
it'll set a good really good tone
released him now we want to do that and
I'll say bye bye and I'll leave the room
I'll then double up or triple up the
sanctions I guarantee you within 48
hours they will call and they will say
we are going to release the prisoners
but we're not doing it because of its
threat to you know that a yes ok we're
not doing it because of the threat but
we will release the prisoners and I'll
say thank you very much now we start
negotiating then I'd say listen one
thing you're not going to get is we're
not gonna give you a hundred and fifty
billion dollars without giving too much
money too much money so much you know
they're supplying many of the weapons
being used against our young men and
women over there you know that the road
bombs many of the weapons that are being
used are supplied by a ring that was
when they were poor now they're rich as
hell how stupid can we be as stupid can
we be and that's just a look that's just
one of many ok so here's the story I've
been coming out and I've been talking
for much and I hate to say I'm a
politician you believe it I have very
little respect for some fun but I have
almost no respect come down the
politician and numbers just came out
flat do we have any politicians in the
room raise your hand
yeah there are some of the back
excluding them they're fantastic leaders
I don't know
I'm excluding them there anybody in the
room that's a politician I think you're
fantastic but outside of this room they
don't have it folks they don't they
don't have so I've been doing this since
June and the pundits all said he'll
never run and then I read then they said
they get paid money to some of these
guys got a half a million dollars if you
watch on the various networks cable and
other was the room what with me that
been wrong all the time I'm driving them
nuts they don't know what to do they
don't know what to do not know they
don't want you I am driving them bunkers
guys like george will I swear you know
he looks like because he has a little
glasses if you take the glasses away
from him he's a dummy he needs those
last there's little spectacles United
seen that before
who else use glasses Peri Peri use
glasses they always have to me everyone
but but these pendants show they said
he'll never run with such sure you know
there was some sure he'll never filed
for May that's what you sign your life
away it's only one page he'll never fun
for me I filed for me now they said we
got problems then they said well we'll
never filed a private company nobody
knew how well I was doing it you know
they said he won't fight for their just
maybe he's not as richest people so what
happened it turned out almost a hundred
pages of the biggest one after me was
like three forever I'm not talking about
not talking about it almost a hundred
pages so they said he'll never file and
he does file you know you're entitled to
massive delays you can delay it forever
so that nobody gets to see you request
to delay so he does file he requested
the delay and delay will take forever
will never get the season jones and I
said so not only did I not ask 30 days
and you can have 45 days another 45 days
then you can request special I couldn't
take that long after the election the
election but they said so not only
didn't I S four delays I filed and
opened it up early early less than 30
and I had a team of lawyers and
accountants you wouldn't believe and we
filed this message of state and it
showed that a much bigger much richer
much too much anomaly by the way the
reason I'm saying this because they only
show that but then I'm going to show
what I'm gonna say much bigger much
stronger much richer the company's
phenomena some of the great assets of
the world Manhattan the rally in Miami
hundreds of acres Turnberry Scotland one
of the great places in the world
home of the Open Championship one of the
most important Gulf term you know
tremendous cash very low debt and my
state
gonna file it anyway people don't know
you know these guys said he'll never
file babies not as it turned out much
richer much much by two three times what
they thought and even a better company
now they should we have a problem with
the reason I tell you the last part is
because that's the kind of thinking
that's the kind of mentality whether we
like it what's in there or not that's
the kind of thinking and mentality that
we need in our country we need their I
didn't want to do this you have a nice
life I live nice we have a wonderful
family did anybody see barbara walters
last night owl night owl not sure she
barbara walters did a big special one
hour special last night on my family and
myself and it was really nice so it was
really it was really know they do it
because it's good to get good ratings I
have to tell you they don't do it for my
health but she was graded she's alleged
she's probably the greatest in the
history of television greatest female
greatest woman and in my opinion in the
history of television so she called she
said would like to do it
profile a one hour profile so those of
you that did get I don't know how to
help you see it's already over right but
you'll see it'll be around but it was
great I think it was really very
successful so what happens so what
happens is we really need that ability
because we have to take our country back
we have to bring our jobs back we have
to bring train
we have to repeal Obamacare we have to
replace we have we have we have to have
to build and we well I don't be afraid
it will be a great
we have to rebuild infrastructure our
roads our bridges 69% of them a
dangerous can you believe you drive it
over a bridge
innocently driver that collapsing you
know in China they built bridges that
make the George Washington Bridge look
like peanuts have built in little over
the place they believe the peanuts we
don't do this anymore we don't do
anything with building a bridge in the
San Francisco Bay you know who's
building at the Chinese are building a
bridge for us
costs over a massive they don't know
what to do and this is what's happened
so we're bringing our country back so
what's happening is until the attack in
Paris I was doing great I was talking
about trade because we're being ripped
by China Japan everybody and you've all
heard that you know ford is going there
you know nabisco's leaving Chicago
moving that big factories moving that
plant where they make the areas that I
will never eat again I'll never see them
again I'm not eating them anymore which
is good for a lot of reasons but I'm not
eating or if no other areas go is moving
their big plant out of Chicago and into
Mexico how is that good for us it's that
good for us folks I went to the best
school have dragged you don't have to go
to the best you have to go to high
school to know it's not good it's not
good for us and too many things so I be
talking about trade I love talking about
trade I will be the greatest jobs
president that God ever created that I
could
the best and every poll CNN the one with
the cameras all over the place look at
all those cameras back to believe you
know these other guys they come up with
their biggest each first of all instead
of having 10,000 people that have like
40 or 50 on a football day they might
have none but that have very few they
would have none of these guys back there
look at all those guys highly-paid
highly-paid I think 25% of a good people
would look at all but
happen when they make a speech nobody
was around the same thing over and over
and over and over and nobody cares about
a different group of 3,200 people I made
a speech in new hampshire recently I had
4,500 people only determined by the size
of the room I had 4,500 people jet bush
jeb bush down the road yet a hundred and
twenty-one people and you know what my
audience was energized and his audience
was like one sominex his audience was
sleeping
we're doing great it's a it's a message
but here's what I've been focused on
I've been focused on trade because i
dont wanna be somebody we have somebody
from time magazine media cover recently
now they hear again so I assume they're
considering me fun man of the year but a
few people I don't know I don't know I
say there's no way they give it to me
they can't because mentally they can't
they just they can't do it even if I
deserve it they can't do it you know
when I had the apprentice it was the
show that first season second season and
everybody should trump is gonna get the
NME
its easy he's gonna get the Emmy for the
apprentice and by the way their renewed
for two more years than I said I'm sorry
I'm not doing I love the apprentice but
I can't do it but everybody said I was
getting the apprentice and we went to
the Emmy Awards my wife and I and they
should ladies and gentlemen the next
distort reality television it's been a
spectacular show he's a spectacular host
it's been an amazing year and I stood up
and started walking there was nobody
even close and they said the winner
but that's the one thing that could have
been having the biggest crowds by far
bernie's crowd's attention big-league
nobody cares Bernie Sanders getting he
was second I was by far 1400 in Mobile
Alabama I mean we have a lot of people
but it really at 35,000 people but in
all fairness we didn't have football
games all over the place but Bernie
Sanders he blew it
during the first debate he looked at
hillary and he said the emails it's
wonderful it's fine so he got it twenty
second sound bite he got some applause
and guess what he's gone and now it's a
whole different thing honestly even as a
candidate should be so easy to beach is
going to be easy to be but I'll tell you
his number one she doesn't have the
strength and she doesn't have the
stamina and we need a president with
unbelievable strength and stamina and
how does not happen she doesn't have his
strength or this down and Bernie Sanders
he's all over his upper add about the
other guy O'Malley his credentials he's
the mayor of Baltimore ok he did a great
job in Baltimore that it became the
governor he was a third-rate governor
but he was the mayor of Baltimore now
I'm gonna decide to run for president
while we have these are professional
politicians all good is running for
office it's all good
they run they win they lose they run
they just run that's all they do I'm
against it right now and I have to tell
you some of the people that are running
against I like and respect some of my
like and respect some of them should not
be there some of them should not be
there
you want to know who I don't wanna do I
want to be nice I said to myself I'm
going to be nice to you know I said I
told a lot of the people back said
dammit some of the really great people
backstage with a cat pictures have a lot
of fun I said I'm going to be nice today
I'm not I said it I said it I am NOT
going to call Jeff Bush low energy I'm
not going to repeat it I'm not a
lightweight I said I'm not doing it I
will not do I said that I will not say
that ben Carson last week was a bad week
because his top person and his top
consultant said he's incapable of
learning about foreign policy that's a
bad thing and I won't say that he said
in his book that he suffers from
pathological disease i said im not gonna
say it I'm not saying and I'm not saying
that he won after his mother and wanted
to hit her over the head with a hammer
who does and that he tried to stab
somebody but the belt the belt got in
the way and I fell to the ground broken
and that his friend in the face with a
padlock so I'm not saying any of those
things about any of those people is that
ok all right I mean explain what are we
doing so in the polls in the polls I got
five part number one leadership by far
by far one of the economy it was so
leadership in the economy was so off the
chart like well CNN did it and there are
other people CNN's back there is that
right CNN I got these cameras if I'm
telling a lot I got problems you'll be
reading about it tomorrow so I killed
them on leadership I killed them on the
economy
killed them on the military and who's
going to protect from Isis
be so good for you I'm gonna make our
military is so powerful so strong so
strong I'm gonna make it so incredibly
powerful and strong that will never have
to use it nobody's gonna mess with us
folks that toy with us you know how to
keep her out the door that would be so
powerful you know how cheap that is we
have a president that we have general
Central Television general I'd like to
ask how we doing with not good if
they're very very tough enemy not well
general chat with me down I don't know
let me tell you my generals are gonna
kick ass then I'm going on television
you know I'm a big fan
General George Patton
now he was a horrible human being he was
terrible language he had a lot of
problems but he was one hell of a
general that's what I want I don't want
this stuff anymore I don't wanna I'm a
big fan also of general douglas there
right
very opposite he was a man with
tremendous style the corncob pipe the
hi-hat the whole thing to get out of the
plane like the enemy was like to him
they were like garbage out of my way
because he had a tremendous you go we
don't have that it we have we have said
lightweight people we have a bunch of
light which we have people that
shouldn't be doing this we have people
that shouldn't be leading us we are
people and you know what
in our services I will find the general
I will find the guys we have we have
generally got the we have general patton
you gotta know how to figure people we
put people because we had one general
who is really tough I won't say his name
but he got fired because he was very
very nice that he wasn't politically
correct and everybody said he was up as
general and they use foul language all
the time and he got fired because they
interviewed him and he was cursing all
over the magazine bring back we might
bring back is very good but that's what
we want its like again I can be more
politically correct than anybody that
lives on fifth avenue or park avenue you
much of which I built by the way you
look I have a better education than
almost all of these people you know I
actually the other day I think her name
is cokie roberts what a likely she was
on Morning Joe morning joe is saying how
well Trump is doing in the polls oppose
what we're doing and then I'm saying to
myself you know they talked about these
people as intellectuals I'm much more of
an intellectual a much smarter than them
I mean other people that are running our
and I went to better schools generally I
want the best schools i went to I did
well but I'm sure I have in my opinion a
much higher up tattoo but then I say I
hear that will you know the intellectual
elite of washington did not even smart
people most of them not even sports
people
and the reason I don't believe too much
in political correctness because it
takes too long we don't have time to be
politically correct we gotta kick ass
and get our country going to have to do
so and we're doing well so last night
late great poll camel riders Reuters
they don't know me they usually write
bad stuff about me they don't even like
the right so you know waiters alright
then they love to repair the good stuff
and they say I said what about that
story to write one group Associated
Press guy calls we're doing a story on
the US and the story is gonna be the
right you were doing a negative service
actually there were four deals that
weren't great but I made a lot of money
with them that's not being so what about
the good deals you know where another
job I made hundreds and I 500 companies
I made hundreds and hundreds of good
deals
hundreds even time magazine is on the
cover about the girl and they put some
why do you do that why don't you put the
good deals don't want to do this I don't
know why I actually think it sells
better she make hundreds of good deals
you've built up a tremendous net worth
tremendous they want to read about a
couple of deals that weren't so good
that I was really tough and I beat the
banks they have headaches and you know
what that's what we want I think and by
the way just so you understand these
factors are like you know you think of
the banker controlling that the little
old woman's money that way these are
vicious sometimes
terrible people so you gotta win so
what's happened just Reuters last night
comes out with a pole drunk
38.8 Carson honestly he's dropping like
a rock I do we have any Carson fans here
because he's dropping like a rock
14 points out so I'm 38.8 now remember
that's 38.8 where 15 people so how do
you have 38.8 percentage carson's at
14.7 Rubio is that can and cruises at
seven so we're winning we're winning big
in a place called Alabama Florida just
came out
dropped 37 they're sitting senator 16
and Carson sixth inning all over the
country
well winning in Ohio against case it is
totally overrated by the way we're
winning all of somebody over there
you know you have one guy over there
shouting we have thousands of people and
you'll read about him tomorrow they'll
say the room with had a ticket to hell
out of here with you please no matter
what we had at the other day I got
criticized we had it the other night I
had a lot of people and one guy who was
seriously obese he complained when I
mention that food stamps we have a lot
of people on food stamps and the guy
went crazy and they said that was a
politically correct errors we all have a
way you can get them out about the hell
outta here
here yet out no matter here did you see
Bernie Sanders said he was politically
correct to young women came up to the
podium they took over his microphone I
promise you that's not going to happen
with me I promise never gonna happen not
going to happen
can't let that stuff happens so what's
happened that is I've been talking about
trade up and talking about all of the
different things much of what you've
hurt and then a week ago we had a
horrible incident in Paris and you know
what my home
speech change and now it's about
security it's about borders it's about
protection it's about a lot of things
I'll take care I'll take care of dread I
can do that out of my back pocket I'll
take care Drake china will not be taken
advantage of us any longer
Japan will not be taken advantage we
have a four hundred billion dollar trade
imbalance each year with china not gonna
happen but what has happened is the
conversation has change of people in our
very much involved with Isis and
al-qaida and all of the things that were
going through with it and do things that
are very smart and we what happened
really people should I wonder will this
affect your number one they thought
maybe this would affect things and you
know what it has affected me we've gone
way up we've gotten way up
because people know that I'm going to
protect them I'm gonna protect him at
the borders I'll walk the people from
Syria coming in because we don't know
who they are we don't know and I don't
wanna be coming in we are in a position
now where when we completed our country
is going to be greater than it's ever
been
we have to move quickly we have to move
quickly we can't afford to lose another
election we can't afford week I think
I'm a very nice person I think a lot of
people think that people that know me
think I do I pride myself on it but this
time it's not about nice this is about
real real competition cuz we have to
bring our country back we have to bring
in the new york times they had a report
on the front page it was false
really false that was today how you want
to see something funny look at those
cameras turned around there following
the few people that are being thrown out
that would his
now what's this look at those
bloodsuckers back there they're turned
around and they're following the people
right because you have a small group of
people that made some noise it being
thrown out on their ass right now is
look at those cameras and yet whenever i
speak when we have crowd like this all
over the place
much bigger than this you know what
confined to fight the fire got your fire
guy said we can't have any more people
in the room it wasn't designed for this
many people so we have crowds and my
wife calm and I say how was everything
because it's on CNN it's on so many
different places it's gone away right
now entering its all of Fox everything
so I say did you see the crowd sure what
you mean no no they never show the crowd
they always have a fixture in your face
it's always fixed and they don't want to
show the cut because dishonest people
now they're dishonest people the media
is so dishonest
like this story on the front page of the
New York Times today front page I love
being on the front page and I'm from New
York New York Times front page but it's
a full story and Breitbart wrote it
correctly and now the time just
suffering but they write for stuff and
that had to do with whether or not we
register people ok and I want those
people coming in from Syria that Obama
wants to let in that people are fighting
but the republicans so far have been
very effective with a fighting we
finally when the senate we have the
house nothing happens it's always the
same we don't have two victories we
don't have the victory so what happens
is the rightful stories and in this case
they got called out by a lot of people
because you know you can only go so much
ok but these guys tell me no no we have
to have it fixed because sometimes also
in oklahoma we had twenty thousand
people recently in a field it was
supposed to be at a hotel then the
convention center we had to go to a
field because it was so many people we
had twenty thousand people in oklahoma
good football place pretty tough
football place so what happens I said
the place they refused to throw the
cameras stationed I said they would his
to every one of them they refused to fit
everyone and now I'm looking and there's
a few people that were shouting that got
thrown out of here and I see all the
cameras are turned so they can turn the
cameras
these are just lying people that bad new
book the pressure's really bad
the cameras over here fellas fan the
camera shows they don't do it they don't
go they don't do it they have very
dishonest people they tell you you don't
know they don't do it you're watching
television you wouldn't know if there
were people in this room are 10,000
people in this room they do it in the
room fell let's go ahead and the room
look I don't do it they don't do it
because they're really dishonest people
now 20 minutes ago those cameras were
turned all the way to the back of the
room where the other people belong there
were terrible people there in the back
and defending and they're showing its
disgusting be ashamed of yourselves
Hellas so now now what happened
yesterday some little wise guys he
looked like he was 12 years old got a
camera I'm signing autographs and I'm
going like this question
talking about the wall to wall built
this would end up signing autographs and
there's music playing in the background
and I'm leaving being being being
signing and Israel wise guy sitting
there and he's asking the questions I'm
it's not even important that I should
who you with you shouldn't be she wants
you said that I didn't bother answering
anymore cuz I know although they did you
mean saturday night live in there was
good how about the other guys about the
other guys they now want equal time ok
like like pataki not gonna help he's got
zero they could give him
12 Saturday Night Live's on our behalf
but not gonna have any effect will still
have zero but that's what they want so
the database but they also said the
world and I said the wall and I was
referring to the world but databases ok
and watch list is ok and sure villages
ok if you don't mind I wanna be I want
to surveil I want surveillance of these
people that are coming in the Trojan
horse I wanna know who the hell they are
and the biggest story yesterday the
biggest was trucked wants database
certainly what's happening here and I
spoke to the reporter the times and I
think I did it and i also said number
one you couldn't hear very well because
it's like walking over here you know
being but regardless of that doesn't
matter what I do want database for those
people coming in but I also insist on
the wall and it was all fun so his
district just to set it clear I want
surveillance of these people I want
surveillance if we have to
and I don't care I want are you ready
for this folks are you ready
DL gonna make it so big he said
something so politically incorrect
that's why we're going to hell because
we're so politically incorrect
such a big deal I want surveillance of
certain box so can if that's ok I want
surveillance and you know what we've had
it before it will happen again
hey i watch when the world trade center
came tumbling down and i watch in Jersey
City New Jersey we have thousands and
thousands of people were cheering as
that building was coming down thousands
of people were cheering so something's
going on we gotta find out what it is I
do want your village I will absolutely
take data based on the people coming in
from Syria if we can't stop it but we're
going to win I've made it known if I win
they're going back we can happen then
going back we can have happened and you
see it very clearly a few nut jobs in
Paris ok a few total not low-lifes the
guy with the dirty hat they say they got
him I hope they got him
he's wearing a filthy dirty hat that was
the one they were calling for five days
the mastermind mastermind mastermind is
a low life but they got him but there's
others out there we have to get up and
we have to use surveillance wait we have
to use surveillance we have to be
vigilant and you know the greatest thing
is everybody in this room everybody
outside of this room we have tremendous
eyes and ears when somebody's next you
in a house or an apartment
good to see the something going wrong
inform your local police their
incredible people to police their
incredible people they're incredible
people you don't have to call washington
when you're trying to figure out who the
hell do I call I just met a lot of your
police right now when I came off the
plane these are incredible top cookies
they want to do a great job get them
back their power and you're going to see
a lot of good things happen and sure
about the way you're always gonna have a
bad incident at a bad up when you have
that in any business no matter what you
gonna happen but we need vigilance when
you see something going on at the next
house at the next apartment when you see
certain people walking in and out all
day scouring things inform your local
police whether it's Birmingham
or wherever it might be they will take
over they know what to do them call
washington they'll get the guys those
guys don't have a chance but the eyes
and ears we have millions and millions
and millions of eyes and ears you can
solve the problem is nobody like the
people there's nobody like the people so
we are going to have a village we are
going to have the most interesting thing
that happened is all of the talk about
it because that was the other thing in
the polls that Trump is by far by far
the best on border security so that's
why when Paris happened the attack in
Paris that's why I went up because
people said he's the only one that says
it like it is so I went up and believe
me you're going to be really secure
to be more secure than even you know and
you offense ok you're gonna be secure
we're not playing games we're not
playing we will not be playing when I
brought up illegal immigration it was
like like a bomb nobody was talking
about this subject I brought it up and
rush limbaugh good guy he said nobody
should die right good guy good guy
really a fair guy and he says the true
maybe that's because he likes me but
Rush said nobody has ever taken incoming
nobody like Donald Trump and for two
weeks I did believe I said it's just
gonna be I can't do this the six seven
months but then it died down because
people started seeing I was right and
then I became the darling
and then you had a lot of bad things
happen you had Kate in San Francisco get
shot in the back by a guy that came over
five times probably pushed over get out
of here we don't want to take care of
you let the dummies from the United
States take care of you and he shot
beautiful Kate from San Francisco in the
back holding her father's hands looking
out onto the water and she dropped the
father and the family will never be the
same great family and then you had
Jameel whose son is so great senior and
junior and the fathers the apple of the
fathers right great football player
getting ready to go to college was gonna
go on a scholarship never had a trouble
in his life
walking home from the deli where he
bought himself and his father a sandwich
called his father said pop I'll be home
in 34 minutes and then the father heard
a gunshot outside her door from the
house and he knew immediately there was
a problem and he ran out of his son was
laying on the street almost dead with
bullet holes in his head with his hand
blown off course he was lying down going
like this in his hands were blown off it
was a 45 and then you have three four
weeks ago you had the woman a veteran 66
year old veteran raped sodomized and
killed by an illegal immigrant raped
sodomized and kill 66 years old and so
many more people should then you have
the drug problem our cities are infested
with drugs our youth is going you should
see New Hampshire has a heroin problem
the likes of which nobody can even
understand it's coming from an area that
we can step because it's destroying our
cities it's destroying most important is
destroying our youth is destroying our
future and we're gonna stop it stop
we're gonna stop all of the other things
that I usually talk about is now there
are very important
don't get me wrong Obamacare we mention
trade we mention all of these things are
all very important jobs jobs we
mentioned I'm gonna create so many jobs
we mention but let me just tell you but
what we're going to do is we're going to
be vigilant at our borders and we're not
letting people come into our country
unless they come in legally they've got
a commonly they gonna come in legally or
they're not coming in at all and we're
not gonna be this stupid sending more
with the stupid when known as the stupid
it's with the anchor babies a person has
she walks across a line she has the baby
in the united states now we have the
baby 14th amendment except for one thing
they didn't read the Fourteenth
Amendment right because it doesn't say
that it doesn't say that it doesn't say
that and for years I've been hearing it
but for years I've been building
buildings he created jobs I've created
tens of thousands of jobs I've been
doing jobs so I never really gave it
that much thought but now that I'm doing
this I want to make our country so great
now that I'm doing this I said it can't
be right now if somebody has a baby in
Mexico they were ok but if they did and
you should like a dog and by the way
that show with almost every country but
here you have a baby and now we have to
take care of that person for eighty-five
years or however long that but it
doesn't read that way then they said all
you need a constitutional amendment
which will take you
years and years you don't need you need
a simple act of Congress and in my
opinion you don't even need that because
if they come in illegally they're not
supposed to be having a baby here so I
don't even think and we're talking about
hundreds of thousands of people so
here's what we're gonna do if I win a
lot of good things are going to happen
first of all we're gonna win so much
we're gonna win we're going to win so I
sometimes I like these people much
better he says when we win we are going
to have so much victory and a joke about
it you can have wins and wins and wins
you gonna get sick of what I can't joke
because you never get sick right your
football teams if your football team
goes undefeated every year and every
year you never get tired of it but we're
gonna have great victories again we
don't want any more as a country we
don't win we lost on everything we lose
with ice as well as with everything when
we lose with health care
have you seen the premiums on Obamacare
up 35 45 55 percent it's a disaster and
now they're saying it's a disaster and
now they're saying we have to go back to
congress because in seventeen it all
exploded whoever's gonna be president is
not going to be easy but I'll solve the
problem
but it's not working and I give you my i
wouldn't work so hard I'm self funding
this campaign I'm the only one on the
online I'm the only one I don't know
that's a big deal to lot of people but I
could have I could have fun you know
these super PACs are a total scam the
super PACs have all this money they'll
do negative ads and me all over the
place a lot of will be false it's also
but by the time I end up winning what
happens is it's too late the election's
over so what do I get the super PACs are
a scam they have total control over the
candidates they do whatever the person
that puts the money up once if a man
owns a company in China and he gives
money to a super PAC Jeb Bush was over
as an example wanna keep using his name
but he's so he's so easy to sell his jet
which was over in germany as people are
over in germany trying to quell a German
company has gotten a big approval from
United States cut that's what happened
folks I know the obvious they've worked
for me nobody knows the game better than
I do I don't want anything I work for
you I work for you I worked I don't
wanna
I don't want it we're going to do what's
right for the country we're not gonna
let mexico take our car purposes which
by the way they're going to become the
car capital of the world pretty soon
Ford is building a massive plant there
others are building massive plant we
don't even vote we don't even fight you
have corporate inversions which by the
way the other candidates don't even know
what it is but essentially companies are
leaving the United States and going to
other lands to other countries and
they're dropping thousands and tens of
thousands of jobs and now it's starting
to get that and under my tax plan when
cutting everybody's taxes big-league big
lake and we're cutting corporate taxes
with the highest tax nation in the world
under my plan will be one of the lowest
and we're going to be a dynamic economy
again we're gonna be dynamic and we're
gonna bring back those trillions of
dollars trillions of dollars trillions
that companies can't get that they can't
get it back they can't get it back
because the politicians they all agreed
to come back but they can't make a deal
because there's gridlock in Washington
so we gonna bring it back and that money
is going to be put to work here and
we're gonna do think so what you're
seeing in front of my call me up he said
some believable what's happening what
you're seeing is a movement this isn't
about me what you're seeing is a
movement no matter where I go to same
thing it's the same love is like love in
the room is love in the room with other
people's love in the room and the
American Dream and I said the American
dream is dead but we're gonna make it
bigger and better and stronger than ever
before and we are going to make America
great again thank you I love you
thank you thank you thank you everybody
I love you gonna get it done

for me and I felt much better but they
were all waiting and it's going great
how are you doing great here and we're
doing great annihilating now in the
polls in Iowa everybody's a great trip
but we set the record on the group's I i
love you too darling who said that stand
up I love you I love you thank you and I
love that book you know I want to thank
Joe Dugan who has been fantastic he is a
good guy really good guy puts his heart
and his soul into this and nothing's
easy in life I can tell you but Jones
been doing it for a long time so he's a
very special guy we have a couple of
things to discuss you the beautiful
thing is that I don't use teleprompters
because I speak from the heart right in
and and ahead but the heart perhaps I go
the head first and then the hard cuz
maybe that's more important nowadays
when you look at what's happening to the
country but I like to be able to talk
about current events and when you read
the speeches you know a lot of the guys
get up and they read a speech bob up
they leave in 15 minutes
everybody goes what happened that's all
there is you know like the song is that
all there is so we don't read the
speeches in we don't do the teleprompter
thing but a couple of things we talked
about the debate because it was a great
experience it's been a great experience
for me has been for me for me has been a
great experience and I did I guess they
do who said their stand up
as rain as well we've had some
interesting debates in an interesting
time and it is different job bridges I
built a great business but it's been
job-producing and employ currently
thousands of people and over the years
tens of thousands of people many
hispanics and I say we gonna do
fantastically with Hispanics I think
we're gonna do incredibly with the
african-americans where I pulled her
well and somebody said there was a poll
that came out at twenty or twenty-five
percent 25% and they said have trumped
gets 25% of the african-american vote
the election's over you win I mean you
win but we do program and we both just
pulling a me no matter where I have a
list of not getting over it very much in
this group is a very intimate friendly
group of friends but and normally I love
to go to the polls because I'm number
one in every poll virtually and I love I
love to go but I'm not gonna bother
other than to say new hampshire through
the roof
going all over we are not playing games
we're not gonna do what they did the
last time if you remember the last time
we should have beaten Barack Obama
should have beat them something happened
something happened and I'm not blaming
Romney but you gotta work last month
that last month was important than
whether you like Obama and not every
time you turned on television he was on
Jay Leno and Letterman and all these and
our representative wasn't and we gotta
work and we have to work hard and with a
win this thing because having four more
years of Barack Obama but I think
perhaps worse depending on what happens
with her and her now maybe these guys
will look at all those cameras back
there well that's very impressive that
is very very impressive I thought this
is going to be just a little quick
stopover with my friends from the Tea
Party and Jerry and Joe all my look at
that group of people I guarantee you
they weren't here for the other groups I
guarantee I and i know you know it's
always tough when they come in every
speech made in the last two or three
months has been alive television right
they can have a speech which isn't
allowed television no no good I like it
I would love to do one or two before
this campaign actually that's not good
because that means things are not going
well if they stopped turning on those
televisions that means they so will
continue to go live ok but it it really
has been an interesting period of time
for me because I've been a businessman
and I negotiator and a job real estate
person that a lot of different deals but
mostly and I had a great time I love the
real estate business all over the world
doing deals all over the world were
doing a deal right on pennsylvania
avenue a big hotel that's going to be
spectacular right by the white house
it's sort of interesting is one way the
other I'm getting to Pennsylvania
be here or I'll be here that so much
difference so it's one way at any time
interesting it's the post office and
everybody so many companies wanted it's
one of the most sought-after projects in
the history of the general services
administration and it's an incredible
building the old post office and we we
got it which is amazing we got it in the
Obama administration can you believe how
can you believe it I was even surprised
I said you know I think we had the best
plan they wanted to make sure everybody
was very strong financially because they
want to get it done it's very important
economic and economic development and we
put our plan and others but you know
great companies many many companies in
great company is the biggest hotel
companies in the world and we were given
in about two years ago we started
construction and we're about a year
ahead of can you imagine that a year
ahead of schedule under budget and ahead
of schedule which is what the country
has to do is really what do you think
about the country so we're under budget
substantially and and I will tell you
under budget and yet we're building even
beyond because it's so good we're gonna
make that we think it's going to be
probably maybe the finest hotel in the
United States were going beyond that but
it's going to be one of the finest
hotels in the United States I have one
of them right now in chicago is
considered one of the great Hotels of
the World I think this is going to be
something i wanna see copied you don't
see top your own stuff but this is
something that the beauty is that when
you hear those words ahead of schedule
and under budget and I think that's so
important because I mean I see these
projects and I read about the projects
are in about one the other day where you
know the building an airplane and it's
it's five times over budget and its
years in years late sometimes decades
and by the time they get it it's
obsolete in there spent you know
billions and billions of dollars and you
look at what they do with these
submarines in the nuclear submarines and
all of the tremendous cost overruns that
they have and I just got a building
what the hell you doing and you gotta
get it done with the contractors and
there's so many soon as I can tell you
about government I mean a little ones
just quickly as the woman eight years
and the city couldn't get the ice
skating rink open in central park and I
got involved is when I was young but
there's nothing different i mean there's
no difference I just did one recently
which is almost the same thing entry
point they couldn't get his big golf
course project open hand has been under
construction they think for thirty years
it was a landfill and they don't even
know when it started a long time ago and
it would have I think it would have gone
on for many many more years and I got it
done in a year it's open now just got
the best best new course in the United
States and one of the big magazines and
is doing great but it is not that big I
mean although they I tell you something
world's most expensive government spent
over 200 million dollars maybe seven you
know but they spent over 200 million
dollars to build I think it's much more
than that nobody even knows who they
know they have no idea you know when you
say you to know the money and here we're
talking about local government can you
imagine what the federal government is
wasting and when you see the kind of
waste fraud corruption it's incredible
with a woman drinks ahead and ice
skating rink and have a daughter Ivanka
who everybody knows she's a little bit
oh yeah and she said to me daddy I'd
like to go next year to learn about it
would look down in the ring and that she
should come let daddy and its it maybe
it's really and then finally after about
three four user asking me it's a nice
simple but it's a nice ring as massive
as one of the biggest in and to this day
been running ever since but it does
great but I said about four years of
risk and I said and I went down and I
look until hundreds massive piece of
concrete you know probably six seven
eight times the size of this room and i
said
workers in the raw sitting there and has
been going on for years and years and
years and I went to the mayor of New
York City with the time was a mean
forget about her but the whole city they
can was like on the front page of the
papers again get a nice getting so it
was that easy with him believe me
because he didn't want to be stood up it
was a very paranoid guy that I can tell
you
and finally went to the newspapers I
said I want to build it I want to get it
open I get it open for months now I
can't do it for two million dollars I
will pay for the course myself and they
had spent probably you know they don't
say there's another universe find out
with these I think there's been over 20
million dollars and I said I spent and
most of the money that has been spent a
lot of loose demolition began to tear
down everything anyway finally he agreed
to let me do it I took it over and the
ice was melting ice and the slab was
poured in other words it's gonna be
level so the water is in ICU create one
part the water was like a foot and a
half high the other plotters down here
so they could make the water and I
should be so in a rip out the entire
slip and then I saw the man who was the
freezing man I said where is your office
located in Miami Beach Miami Beach he
said no I've never done and we focus on
air condition is it that makes sense I
like air condition but I don't so I said
well what's the problem and I said you
know what I friend of mine works for the
Montreal Canadiens ice hockey team is
great in house he comes down he looks at
me sees it comes close 10 minutes after
he said mr. Trump using free hun you
want to use water was so should you have
free on their pouring you have to see
this they have tubes of of copper and
the tubes of copper miles long as it
goes from one side after be three inches
apart goes back forth and it put the
copper and copper is very expensive and
very valuable so every
the copper that come back the next day
was all stolen ok so they delayed again
Atlantic and then finally they weren't
hired a big security company that guards
all around the rink and the other
problem with this whole miles of this
stuff because it's so long and if
there's a pinhole the gas escapes and
you know me so I said to him what's
going on so they finally got security
and they were great they did for seven
days and then the security took a day
off the entire Inc was wiped out that it
was this year's somebody made a fortune
on comp anyway so I get this guy john
nice guy from the Montreal Canadiens
real hockey people in nice people and he
said what you want is a rubber hose you
put water in it and you put salt in the
water and assault means the water can
trees he said we called Brian and a
machine and the machine takes it mixes
put it through its simple and you need
rubber hose nobody steals per I guess a
steel rubber to write that New York you
know maybe there's still a maybe they
won't actually New Yorkers have very
high values that wants two hundred and
nobody stands nobody steals and nobody
shoots self so we laid miles up I took
out all of the country we laid miles up
of the rubber and we text tested were no
leaks no nothing to his know that
because nobody wants and we laid just
beautiful then we called up the concrete
guys we have we had the most incredible
poor because it's such a huge slab and
ideally you want to port city doesn't
know so we've been the construction
people report a one-time beautiful job
and the cement mixers were lined up this
is at 58th Street 59 the cement Mix's
were lined up to harlem all the way back
that's a long and they poured all day
long they portrayed in half and was
beautiful perfectly level done with
lasers anyway
bottom line turned it on what the Brian
Truitt the water and beautiful eyes to
this day and identify less than two
million dollars and they study it now
and we can do the same thing
on Aug it's the same it's no good it's
not very funny I like I like newt
gingrich actually newt Gingrich I like
newt he's a great guy and he called me
up he said you know I read the story
about woman would you please tell them
the story of Wollman Rink so that's why
I haven't told us that story is honor of
newt what he really thinks it's because
it's indicative of it finished
way ahead of schedule and today it's
probably the busiest ice skating rink on
a Saturday have lines of her four blocks
long to get in and people are great and
the place so if you have knowledge like
you don't use people from miami Beach to
do rain with you know and by the way
they do use you know use freon server
uses we have an air conditions a little
different than I wouldn't want to use
Brian for that but it's sort of you have
to use people that know what they're
doing but newt Columbia BC you gotta
tell the church is at such a good and
it's been it's been a great thing and
and cities a lot of money and it's been
it's been really great expense and
actually study of the great business
people with private business government
and is something very true about that we
have a lot of we have a lot of things
have happened since we since we made
this journey and I journeyed fourth and
it takes guts and on june sixteenth do
this and I'll never forget standing at
the top of the now-famous escalated as
you've seen that picture with myself
coming down with Mama Mia and I'll never
forget looking down into that basement
level and seeing all of these guys are
what you have down there as much as you
have down there now times and it looked
like the Academy Awards and we gave a
speech and we talked about illegal
immigration
Rush Limbaugh said he's never seen
incoming like he saw with incoming means
trying to get you and then it turned out
the killing of cape and you had your
meal and you had so many other things
happen the veteran sixty-five years
older woman 65 years old a veteran of
the army and she was raped sodomized
killed by the legal and so much so much
and we have strong strong strong build a
war
and you go up and you go up to new
hampshire it's amazing his new hampshire
their amazing people and have a
tremendous you wouldn't think you know
you don't equate that with one of the
first questions I get all the time and
it pours in through the southern border
and believe me when I'm on stage with
these guys ok and it's now guys doing
the other one which is fine when I'm on
stage with these guys doing this so
they're saying and I like some of that
they did not think it makes a fortune
the wall is peanuts China
13,000 miles long two thousand years ago
and my ambitions have always be much
higher as I could be much bigger gives
you the window that was like three times
wider than this room we don't need to
with we need the height but China built
a wall two thousand years ago that's
thirteen thousand we essentially need a
thousand miles its 2,000 miles but we
really natural borders natural barriers
and a very very so we're going to build
a wall and mexico Mexico I love the
people of Mexico many many Mexican
people and I do business with the
leaders at 22 coming to shock and people
could come into the country to a process
they gonna come in legally and we're
gonna have a country back because right
now we don't have a
gonna be a beautiful what's going to be
a big wall it's gonna see the ceiling
the ceiling is peanuts believe me this
is not a wall
many times and that's where this web
somebody ever get something that I gonna
wanna come down version so we're gonna
have a great wall and its gonna do the
trick and you know you can ask about
walls because Israel about walls is work
when you have the right wall and when I
see the way we negotiate for instance
wild years about the prisons are gone
the hostages are four people so let's
start with the other day we had 10
sailors who innocently probably went a
little bit of water that was not a big
deal when I saw the young people on
their needs in a bag in position with a
heads above the head and rifles pointing
at the head and I heard the voices heard
it because downplayed it is the first
this was not a nice character and I and
you know they're trying to downplay it
as much as possible and then finally
they released him
450 billion so I've been hitting them
hard and I think I might have something
to do with it is using its a part of my
staples Inc I mean I go crazy when i
when i hear about this you go you go
absolutely wild because we have one
who's in there was a reporter for the
washington post didn't do anything wrong
by the way he had something but you have
you have a person who's in there because
he's a minister is a Christian pastor
and you have people that didn't have one
of the worst prisons
world and we should have been done right
at the beginning they should have said
listen we have a president would say no
you leave the room that the sanctions
are within 48 hours but we waited and
waited so here's the deal they getting
you know they get their money today or
tomorrow so the prisoners are going to
be relieved when they get the money
hundred and fifty years before but
they're getting seven people that
they've wanted much more serious real
people real people meaning they
committed real problems and they're
getting I guess fourteen or fifteen
other people that are on the watch list
of Tara and other fees are really bad
dudes and they're being taken off the
water so they getting essentially 22
people and a hundred and fifty billion
so we give them that we give them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars we
give them essentially 22 people
21 22 people but these are people that
really did have problems and we're
getting better for people that didn't do
anything that's the way it's sad it's so
sad and this has been going on forever
Bergdahl we get Bergdahl a dirty rotten
traders right we get Bergdahl sergeant
Bergdahl how did we get Bergdahl we get
there and they get 15 people
killers that are back on the
battlefields depressing still not back
them back by people that they most
wanted their back on the battlefield or
will be high level people that they
wanted for nine years so we get a dirty
rotten trader and I fly back linebacker
drop a ride to hell right now
I would drop them five people at least
it could be six but at least five people
were killed looking for you know they
went out looking from this is not
friendly territory and they went out
looking for at least five people were
killed killed looking for birds and
their burgers and let people know the
old days when we were strong as a
country would have been shot it would've
been like fast trial fair trial of his
guilty he's gone right now there have
been forty fifty years ago twenty years
ago at least be imprisoned for ten years
ago he would have been in prison maybe
six people five people more shirts
because they say another one and I saw
the parents and they think but I'll tell
you we have to change our ways we have
to be smart we have to be vigilant we
have to be tough I turn on the
television today what do I see islamic
right right
radical islamic hotel blown-up blown to
pieces
hundreds of people horribly wounded and
burning in running onto the streets I
mean they say 25 killed it was as of
this morning when it happens you know
the tremendous
gotta be careful what you choose to do
this we gotta make sure the Syrian the
migration we don't know where these
people come from we don't know where
we don't know whether we have no idea
you know the story the Trojan horses
could be the ultimate but we have no
idea where they come from I have a big
heart I actually do the world's most
militarised at present but that doesn't
mean I want to use it I want to have it
because we need it and I'm the one that
didn't want to go into Iraq and you've
seen that in you heard me say it in 2003
2004 then headlines trumps is dole going
to Rocky gonna destabilize the Middle
East Trump writes in his book in the
year 2000 about Osama bin Laden and I
saw on the television and read about in
the papers and threatening to take him
out nobody took him a chance to take
about bill clinton actually had a chance
to take him out they never pull the
trigger you've heard that and they
decided not to pull the trigger and they
pulled the trigger it probably wouldn't
have had that destruction as he was
really in charge of that whole world
trade center horror show that CNN
visions so some people say oh dropped
his return in mid their little like Bush
Bush is like low energy lost another
really does is run for office he loses
debates but he said I think of who won
the debate to drop when the debate
you know the polls indicate for every
day virtually every debate the pozole
indicate they do the polls drug use an
amazing guy is a poll time magazine
slate all these you know they all have
these polls PBS online possible for
everything I love when your number one
of a number to ensure the number two I
wouldn't even be happy being number two
mean I'm that's what I want every poll
every poll the online polls a comeback
in fact my daughter goes did you leading
in the polls leading and every time we
have a debate and but sometimes the
pundits on so good to me
other words I may be leading big 12
million by 67% to you know second line
67 percent think of it and then I was
like Donald Trump people this is the
first debate with actually see one they
said I want finally they getting some
are they getting what I enjoy I enjoy
the process but we have really more fun
I love that is amazing company plans a
lot of people say you'll never run and
then the pundits and they said I never
signed for May 21 pages basically is
cited
because you know he's probably not as
rich as everybody so I put in my
financials
them anyway because I would want to show
because nobody
is true it's people Donovan sampling the
financials and you had to see these guys
see that group all those people back
there there it made them look like
peanuts waiting in front of the federal
election trying to find him and
everybody and the funny thing is I had
almost 200 pages of financials and with
tremendous numbers and he's gonna ask
given 45 days so LSU extensions beyond
the election
fellows any extensions whatever it is it
is we filed the numbers of interesting
very little debt tremendous cash let
some of the great assets so many as his
own 40 World Bank of America big chunk
Bank of America building in San France's
1290 Avenue of the Americas one of the
biggest office buildings in New York and
so many others and he said what's and we
need to get our country will 19 trillion
dollars they just made this budget deal
that's how you know they made it they
didn't like in one day right one day it
was done in one day I never saw and I'm
actually more disappointed and
Republican but I'm more disappointed
with republicans because the concern
right
democrats said the other day Obama is
the worst negotiator I've ever seen
except when it comes to negotiating with
the republicans any great negotiate
right it's true I mean a much more
disappointed with republicans and it
went so quickly took like a day it was
like they said they're putting in a
budget and you took it about a budgets
gonna raise up the debt from 19 to 21
trillion dollars very quickly and it
really it funds Obamacare funds the
syrians coming in and funds people
coming in through the border I don't
know what these people are thinking
about you know we all put and party with
tough I tell people supported by the way
have to take some getting great support
from evangelicals every group and its
amazing people amazing they want one
thing they want to make this country
great again and wanna make the country
great again they're amazing
dedicated wonderful americans and they
want to see good things happen to find
the Tea Party and sometimes I say maybe
we should work on a public relations
drivers and they want to see this
country gets strong be great again pay
less taxes make the dollar stretch
better have strong borders protect the
Second Amendment which we're going to do
to get rid of Common Core i mean when
when guys like when guys like Bush come
down and then Lindsey Graham supports
him but I don't know if Lindsey Graham
even knows this but bush is in favor of
Common Core nobody can win when you're
in favor and he's also weaken
immigration member they come across the
borders and active loved remember
I heard those days the Common Core act
of love and Lindsey Graham supporting I
like I like him now that he's out he
gave him but he supported in favor of
common core and also so you know it's
one of those but it doesn't make any
difference 'cause lindsey is going to
give him all of his people that voted
for Lindsay you know that is 00
everybody that voted for Lindsay right
everybody that voted for Lindsay's going
to say everybody is going to push and
say which went down time in the accident
which is hard to do when you're three
you know what I do like talking about
this video he keeps takin ads about a
look at what he keeps taking these days
spending a fortune ads against and about
seven or eight guys before he gets to me
I would if I were him honestly I'd take
a guy in front of a couple of Giessen
rights don't you think that the guy up
here because he may do damage to me
which should be fine but you know he's
not gonna benefit one of the other guys
gonna benefit so it's a little stupid
but this kind of thinking we have going
on his
but but think of it and I use I use jab
as it's a shame to his last name what is
a good brand is making a mistake jeb
with you know with the exclamation
Bush it's ok if it doesn't work any
worse than it is now right
two percent 2% ok but here's the thing
is so jammed has spent this is like the
woman skating this is like the hotel
right under budget ahead of schedule me
so Jabba spent 69 million dollars so far
would be great if you could give that
money to the Wounded Warriors than
wasting least you know his campaign
manager these ppl ago now buying
Ferraris and stuff I assume I'm in an
hour but they're making a lot of money I
heard he took millions of dollars in
Texas never get the texts he took you
know why they don't spend the money the
guys in the campaign can take it
commissioned ok does anyone know that
you know vicious that is telling you
working in those campaigns is better
than being a real estate broker in South
Carolina it's terrible but Japanese
spent 69 million dollars and essentially
the bottom of the barrel like nothing
like nothing and I'm Way ahead amway up
by 20 points or something i mean twenty
points ahead
they'd like to have 20 points 20 points
ahead and I said oh and by the way just
so you understand I don't want to be
like somebody said why i said two
reasons number one chance ok I just what
I authorize a pretty big by in Iowa New
Hampshire and South Carolina but I said
I mean if you look at it I just feel
guilty
I feel so guilty because I haven't spent
anything and all these guys and I feel a
little bit guilty and sometimes I say
why aren't you spending because they
have a 24 . lead me what they call it
earned media and you know like Face the
Nation the other day I did raise the
nation two weeks ago and I got a note
from very very nice from CBS they had
the highest rating and by the way this
was like 12 cameras running this is
legit stuff they had the highest rating
in 15 16 years since the fall of the
world they interviewed they had the
highest rating 4.7 million people they
do meet the press had its highest george
stephanopoulos the highest ready so that
gives you can get things but when you
have because they want you when other
people whose names but when other people
call it a day can edge against me but
when other people call it didn't really
care about ratings if you had terrible
poll numbers right I got good ratings
which usually doesn't work usually they
go hand in hand but they don't give up
on them so when you have the ship so I
have a lot of earned media so here I am
i spend no money practically no money
most of its the fuel for my jet then
they say he leases it from himself I see
I have to at least by jet market value
and pays so that thinkers Trump is
making money on this campaign he's
paying themselves funny myself we had
one headline that jump may be the first
candidate in history to actually make
money running for president
we're at and we're selling and we are
we're selling those Donald J trump dot
com right was selling the hats hats make
America great again the shirts we sell
in the dot-com a handsome young and
we're doing but anyway I feel guilty and
I really do and I just want to do it and
I don't want to take a chance so we're
spending money now it's really wasting
but here's a look at it and 37.9 million
under budget
I think I think it by by january first
which is couple of weeks ago I would
have spent 37.9 million I think that was
the number right around that time spent
nothing some so far under budget so if
you don't mind and I love telling the
story that I spent nothing and I'm up
here
other guys spent tremendous amounts of
money and they're down in the toilet
right I love telling this because if you
can equate that to the country think
this in education we're number one in
the world in cost per student by a
factor of many in number two is way way
it doesn't even exist practically we
spend more per pupil than anybody else
by far and yet we're number 28 in terms
of quality so we spend more than anybody
else and to a large extent that's common
core
you know these people are making a
fortune
they don't give a damn about your kids
in South Carolina at some of them doing
a lot of them don't they want to know
how much are they getting paid this week
and they do things in the right things
and you studying things you know you
don't want to be so what would it be
nice if so we spend the most amount of
money and where a you know doing
horribly we have third-world nations
that have better education than the
united states and yet we spent many
times more than what anybody else would
it be nice if you could take my campaign
we spend the least and we have the best
we spend delays
and we have the best and one of these
kids have you know i i think it's Norway
Sweden China you know some of these
places have phenomenal educational
systems and one of the folks who tell me
actually an Iowa they said is to try
their trying to get us to go to norway
so we can do that so easy but they won't
let us from washington itself and his
appearances of people that really love
the students these are great people that
love to students love the teachers want
to have the right teachers there's no
way of supervising it from washington
but Norway Sweden China these are places
that have unbelievable areas of
education and I think Norway and Sweden
alike number one and two and they study
they can implemented because Washington
so money and with a big believer in
education
used to cut it short his strong borders
we can have the wall when I get paid for
it to be a beautiful
someday though the trouble to have to
make it beautiful as opposed to we're
gonna make it beautiful and very
effective ok we're going to take care of
our military we're going to rebuild it
wouldn't be so strong and by the way
that's cheaper than what we're doing now
what we're doing now is insanity will
week and they know a week you know when
you hear we're not going here we're not
going there i been sayin bomb the oil
for how many years you been listening to
three years there just became rich with
the bomb the oil in a one of the reasons
I can't believe it they actually said
it's true to me it's hard to believe
it's true
one of the reasons it in one of
environmental pollution it's a true now
they say the smoke and everything going
into the atmosphere is bad for the
environment not true and I don't know
maybe they were kidding from the white
house maybe they were kidding I don't
think it's anything to get about
environmental pollution so how do you
think General George Patton he needed
people in that thing how do you think
General George Patton would feel about
environmental pollution does three years
ago and if the president said no way
he'd say oh I'm sorry president I'd like
to apologize when General Douglas
MacArthur and we have General Douglas
MacArthur and we have george cat right
now coming out of West Point coming out
of an apple is coming out of the Air
Force Academy I mean I went to a great
school but I know those goals and those
are great schools we have great people
but a lot of times our great and tough
and smart go to the top because they're
not politically correct one of the guys
too tough he's too small he uses bad
language or she rushed we need smart
tough people we had to let our top
people go to the top when it comes to
trade with china with so much money with
Japan China Vietnam is a new and Mexico
everybody beats I know this
nobody ever calls Carl Icahn one of the
richest people he doesn't care he does
he care about the money he wants his
hundred and he wants to do something if
I took getting killed with china trade
and by the way they come they don't pay
tax when we send any attacks and you can
even get your product is totally unfair
trade a five hundred million dollars
hundred billion deficit then some enjoy
your not a free trader this attempt I
mean how long have to be a free-trade
lose five hundred billion dollars a year
right and you know the funny thing if we
have a tough and come to the table fast
because they would have a depression
that likes of which nobody's ever see we
have rebuilt china china's done to us is
one of the greatest chefs in the history
of the world we have rebuilt China and
nobody and I mean beyond Obama I'm not
just play my Obama has done nothing but
nobody nobody has done it has been going
on for years and years and years with
drugs so what I'm going to do is have
country with spirit we can have a
country with smartest and brightest
people I know who they are and I've been
there I've seen the greatest negotiated
over-rated something underrated some you
never use the people that know how to do
it they using right now political hacks
the using people they gave campaign
contributions I mean you give a campaign
contribution to Ted Drewes you get
whatever the hell you want whenever you
want
and he's a very nice but you give him
you have to get right
you have to go out me gives me he didn't
reported bank loans excuse me did report
his Bangla say whenever you want he
didn't report bank loans he didn't
report is bank loans get bank loans from
Goldman Sachs is got bank loans from
Citibank folks and then and then and
then he acts like Robin Hood you know
say whatever you want but doesn't work
that way so we have to use our best
people we have to be smart we have to be
tough we have to be vigilant and we can
do it and we can make america greater
than ever before
thank you thank you everybody thank you
everybody

charging take your questions and now
without further ado please welcome the
next president of the United States
wow
wow
we're going to take our country back
stupid country led by
and we are going to win
so today I will always do and I turned
on television you saw that CNN came out
with a new poll write to EC this fall
people say why do you always mention
polls because ammo is number one in the
polls for you
very important in other polls and in
just about every poem now we beat
Hillary so bad Reyes
and I mean is no strength no stamina she
cannot lead us it's a corrupt Dale and
say corrupt deal she shouldn't be
allowed to run and we will put an end to
enjoy
so the Fox CNN was amazing I love you
love his winning something I have to
tell you as good as this is we have to
get out there and vote because you know
it's never easy it's never easy and we
have a little bit of a structural
disadvantages Republicans and
conservatives so we have to get out
there and vote now dropped 36 now think
you've got fifteen people running and
yes 36 that's good
remember they said I started off I had
six they said well that's a plateau then
the next week it went to 12 then I went
to 18 and every week said well that's
his Mac says hi and i went to twenties
and went to 25 and 28 and every week now
it's just 36 in another paul hasn't
heard 4240
amazed
ok so we're in the CNN poll where at 36
second places 16 then you have a 12 year
before you have a 33 push prices great
bye bye
you know I just this and I'm embarrassed
by it but you see all the bridge
commercials it doesn't stop so he's not
boring low energy but I think somebody
told me he spent 32 million downs hilary
is then more than that this spending
money like you wouldn't believe so I
have spent the least amount of money and
have the best result that's what we want
at least
would it be nice if we could do that
with our country and have the best
now I'm self funding my campaign which
I'm happy you're so many people like
that is like a big deal because you know
one thing for all of the people that
have you know when your number one
position they all call all done and we
want to give you $5 million 1,000,000 I
said no one actually feel guilty because
all my life I take that was our business
today I don't want it
it's one is one person and the dishonest
media they are just as you don't believe
the most
they're the most design has been a big
percentage of myself as hard as they are
so dishonest they will make that one
person into the headline they can't even
used to put the s but they'll say Trump
protester
they don't say that you want 2012
thousand people by the way a lot of
people pouring into a lot of people
outside I have an idea should we wait
about 45 minutes let everybody come into
the room
know right but you'll see that tomorrow
the protest and one protester said that
some cake and be very nice said a
protester you know we always have a
couple and usually have not but
sometimes we have come and get him out
of the room then they sound as nice as a
very careful be very gentle don't hurt
to protest and they say he was very weak
tonight so you can win some tried to cut
it right down the middle to make sure
that young lady is a beautiful shame
and if she'd like to come back into
invited back in
tremendous negotiator will use one of
these countries
what's happening and what we're saying
and I talked about the silent majority
but status Alan Johnson noisy noisy
noisy incredible majority and it is a
majority but he said how do you speak in
front of and I don't use like
teleprompters and they don't have a
written speech and like that ever
written speech be so easy to read
ladies and gentlemen and by the way I
love North Carolina in Charlotte I have
a great drop Trump National Golf Club
it's a tremendous success
and I love it I love it I think it's one
of the most beautiful places I have to
tell you this so I am places in Miami
I'm places in Palm Beach and places all
over the place ok thats by the way this
kind of thinking we need it but I send
my cruise down to different places to
fix my roving groups these guys they're
like they're all over the place and they
come to North Carolina and they call me
back and they always wanted to retire to
florida and they left arm and I love
Florida and by the way I'm winning in
the polls and rod and gets a senator who
never farts well I'm beating to senator
who never boats and a former governor
and we're winning by a lot but they come
down to North Carolina not thinking
about North Carolina and every single
time they come back they say mr. Trump
that's why I want to spend the rest of
my life too soon
I don't know if you want them they're
rough guys but they're very good at what
they do but they love it and I love it
we have a situation in our country where
we have a president who is out of
control is out of control I don't know
why I don't know why but you won't even
is use the term won't say the term as to
what's happening and he dragged there
he'd rather see this you would rather
you ask him what's your biggest problem
I we have ice is trying to blow up from
buildings are cities and destroy us and
by the way chopping off heads of your
Christian we have ice is just like
medieval times you know in medieval
times they chopped up said whoever heard
of this until accomplished using about
the cage they drowned and then people
say to me this the jump they chopped up
heads they drowned people who steal
changes I get asked by one of these
carriages a few weeks ago miss a drop
what do you think of waterboarding
I said a couple of steps beyond
waterboarding
and then I guess I mean I say
waterboarding is fine and they do
stories about me that i'm gonna stuff
and then push he said this to drop stone
his tone is very tough look what the
world is doing hers they're beating us
militarily we can beat Isis they're
beating us militarily they're beating us
on train we go into Iraq and we spend
billions of dollars in Iraq billions and
then we spent with the final number
what's the final number two trillion
dollars we lose thousands of lives in
Iraq we have haunted worries why I love
all over the place
and what we have we have nothing we have
nothing and you remember I said keep the
oil keep the oil and did a lot for three
years and been saying keep the dead
people saying what has dropped to about
this about a week ago this Sunday
knocking the hell out of the oil but
they'll beat up but they won't keep him
because in action on enough we should
keep it and we should keep it
correct belongs the spoils we're the
only people we go in we fight we lose
most importantly and sadly we lose lives
we spend trillions and trillions of
dollars we leave we get nothing now iraq
has taken over Iraq and who's taken the
oil Isis Isis
around is gonna walk in I said don't go
in and I'm the most militaristic person
in this room other than this kind of
Scotland's pretty rough but I'm the most
of CNN but you have to know when to do
it you know when to using I want to
build our military so and so strong
nobody nobody nobody got a message and
we've gotta take care of our vet Sarah
greatest paper
we have pets that are in waiting rooms
four five six and seven days before they
can see a doctor and they're dying
before they are literally dying by the
thousands waiting for service and in
some cases routine service they need a
procedure they need a pill they need a
prescription they die they died and
these are the people that's why we're
here we're gonna take care of our vets
went to take care of our wounded
warriors who are greatest and most
incredible big with the wounded warriors
and within minutes we take the oil and
we get the families that lost people in
Iraq and Afghanistan and other places we
give them money will let them have money
because they need they gotta get
something they gotta get some and we
take care of those people we take care
of our vets we take care of our military
we got into it and we're going to do it
and we're going to do it as soon as I
went by when I'm telling you we are
going to be so proud of our contract
again
where Iran who laughs at our stupidity
gets a hundred and fifty billion dollars
we make a horrible deal with 24 day
areas before we can go in and steal and
destroy the 24 days it's a whole
procedure so the 24 days can be much
longer and how do you like where they
can sell a rare and can go and
self-respect and all mister president
everything's hi this is Carrie this is
they didn't read the art of the deal
they are grossly incompetent people they
weren't meant for the job and we gotta
get about we gotta get them out
hilary is going to be just as bad
hilary is going to be just as dead if
you look at hillary hillary
thank you thousands of people are
pouring in and we have to get rid of one
person is wasting my time people coming
come out
it is amazing people pouring into this
room with all of the people here we have
to waste time when one or two people
it's really ridiculous in my opinion she
does she wakes up she doesn't have that
she puts on a pantsuit she walks in four
days five days you know why she goes
that calm as she goes to sleep
this is not what we need is a president
we need tremendous energy we need
tremendous smart we need somebody that's
gonna get the job
to get the job done
you don't talk about this is much for
the last two weeks because I'm now
drunken more and more border security
went to build along Mexico's gonna pay
for the law
we're not going to let people come into
our country that we have no idea who
they are where they come from them no
documentation
Trojan horse these are the strongest
looking people I've ever seen the
migration they're all men who look at
this young man I say why are they
fighting for their country what are they
doing so we're gonna linda Shaw his
effect so I said they want to about
200,000 and I've heard that number I'm
pretty good at this stuff and if you
look I made a lot of right decisions
listen to this so they say 10,000 how it
was three thousand hours tent house but
in the democratic debate what was the
number they talked about 65,000 they
want to allow two hundred to two hundred
and fifty thousand and in my opinion how
stupid can we make we know nothing about
these dreams we don't have any idea
where they come from military and the
police have told us the military and the
police have told us there is no way in a
million years of finding out where
they're from
I mean we can't even do a website for
Obamacare we spend $5 doing the website
and with some guy comes who doesn't have
and I do like this we all have heart and
I do like building in a safe Sun some
places here that's what Merkel should've
done instead of what's going on in
Germany's a disaster
and will contribute and we'll get the
Gulf says who are so well will
contribute will help because we want to
help people but we don't want these
people coming to the united says and if
they do
here they do I don't i win they're going
back they've gotta go back
we r 19 trillion dollars
see they've got strategy one there one
here one in three different places so
self our really I think it might be
three so remember this we're going to
have our borders back we're going to
create strong borders and I mean strong
we are going to build a wall so powerful
and so tall and so strong and we let
people come in but they're all coming in
legally we wanted to come here legally
or illegally
what I've been doing is talking very
strongly about trade and China and how
everybody's ripping off our country and
how we don't know what we're doing over
the last couple of weeks since we had
the tragedies we all had the tragedy in
Paris now we had another one which again
was the same thing how about the person
that knew I was going on said they
didn't wanna report them because they
think it might be racial profiling did
you see that I did you see that
and I'm not sure do I believe the
president be that dumb but they didn't
want to report cuz they didn't want to
be involved with racial profiling we
have become so politically correct to we
don't know what the hell with doing
made that announcement it takes guts to
run for president don't get it
tax cuts and not so much for a
politician and when and by the way
watch the super PACs because the super
PACs are controlling the politicians
have total control over the politicians
and those are the guys that you're
elected no super PACs hear those super
PACs
we send notices out we don't watch super
PAC so we set about strongly so just
remember that a controlling your destiny
and these are not people that have you
in mind these are not people just
remembered for his another line another
can imagine
look at the camera
so what we're going to do now and what
I've been doing is I really focused on
security we need now
security proper security we have to
bring the safety of our country back
when I was running and gave it a very
strong announced and I talked about
illegal immigration and boy did I take
heat or wat i do now what I was right
and I think that was maybe what drove us
initially now everybody is saying and we
have this right here on the economy
dropped 55 percent on budget 61% on
illegal immigration
48% on Isis 46% on foreign policy
30% people know what's happening we want
protection we watch smarts and whether
to have the finest country and will get
only my second amendment and we're going
to protect ourselves only after
it's amazing when you think of some of
he brings you here where let's not have
guns but you know one thing the bad guys
have the guns the bad guys are gonna
have the guns it's not going to happen
anymore we're gonna protect our 2nd
Amendment and we are going to have
protection
drawn we get two questions will do
question and answer before we do that
common core is a disaster
we have one of the worst education
systems in the world we're ranked 28th
in the world and we spend more money per
pupil than any other country by far
that's going to end of local education
we're gonna have local education and
we're gonna go shooting up the charts
and we're going to save money so I want
you to ask some lets you have a mic was
the mic ok let's get with me somebody
doing horrible terrible question what
would you like to go to turn on the mind
who's running this place
try somebody else
I hear you I was wondering what you
would say to President Obama
I'm sure they did everything they could
to try to cover that up
come out it has been stated that gays
and it was a terrorist attack was
handled that well I would happen soon
enough you have no idea you don't want
to hear
by the way if the people in Paris for
the people in California if you had a
couple of folks in there with guns
thank you
jobs illegal immigration have no idea
what's happening we are losing our jobs
you say in San Francisco Jameel you know
jimmy is wonderful beautiful young boy
shot shot instantly killed for no reason
and I got to know his father and his
father is a great man and what he's
living with now nobody wants to live
with shot by the illegal immigrant we
gotta stop it and when to stop it now
going to stop it now
prison
you and your administration prosecutor
or at least look into it because you
know the statute of limitations 26 use
what she did is illegal is no question
about that she's being protected by the
democrats because she's there we have to
do something about it we have to do this
not right
General Petraeus essentially got two
years I mean what this event they
destroyed him either people went to jail
for much less than when she did I think
she's gonna get off and I think it's
going to be her greatest achievement
she's had to get off it will be her
greatest achievement because she was one
of the worst in history the world blew
up during that regime and world blew up
so we're going to take a look at it very
very strong
get treated in many cases better than
our vets happened to happen you look at
what's going on our events are treated
so poorly it's not gonna happen and it's
going to happen and you know i mean you
know I made her George given a look at
senator Mr Trump is your super fan from
the washington post article from Jenna
Johnson we love you
and how quickly can you kick common
common core how quickly it's going to be
done
got some of these guys running against
the republicans don't want common drawer
and anybody that wants common core is
not going to win it makes no sense so
you're a big opponent and take care of
your mommy
I'm ryan porn year Campbell University
representing students for drama I want
to first of all thank you for breaking
this damn established really have a
Washington Dec
do you plan to do an office to support
the students that support the education
system ok it's the question I probably
get it has more than any question
students they work a barrage of the hell
they get in there they graduate they do
great big problem they get out the Jigga
jobs we've taken our jobs back from
China would take it I jobs back from
Japan would take it I jobs back from
mexico when you get out of jobs to do
something with your loans because the
students are getting socked and the
colleges are raising their numbers too
high too fast too high and too has yet
to be very happy to watch when you get
out you don't have jobs
of America question do you fake the
refugees that are coming here are trying
to come here they're going to Germany
all over Europe do you think they're
going to become priests and become
celibate what is going to happen to the
women in the world that there are
countries are contingent
questions that one more time what do you
mean they are trying to get into Russia
ok give me another
George 12 years old and I'm scared what
are you gonna do to protect this country
12 years old what do you want to do to
protect this country I'm scared
try the next president of the United
States shared our country and I know you
will you will build our military
you're not going to be scared to be
scared and just so you understand when
the world trade center was knocked down
the people the animals and did that they
sent their wives and their families back
to saudi arabia know someone back to
saudi arabia those wives do what their
husbands were going to do we never went
after we never did anything we have to
attack much stronger we have to be more
vigilant we have to be much tougher we
have to be much smarter or it's never
ever going to end
remember that just remember China our
technology from our military from our
business is now can you stop that it's
crazy it's gone too far and so amazing
how old are you
thirteen-years-old
$400 a year with China seventy billion
dollars a year with Japan accusing me
forty five billion dollars a year with
mexico I love the mexican people have
great respect for the country
their leaders are so much tougher
smarter and more connie how leaders was
gonna stop it looks like it is stopping
you know i i download all the time
Oreos or against nabisco is moving their
plant from chicago into Mexico ok no
good no good for me is building a two
and a half two and a half for trucks
cars parts not gonna happen folks would
it was gonna take you back with taking
our country back we can't continue to
let this happen
would take your country back
are you do to change Obama rules of
engagement to get military to get a
better chance to stay alive I don't
think I don't think he has changed
you know
our country is divided look at what our
country is so divided this hatred
between people we want to bring it
together you know the country always
thought that President Obama would be a
cheerleader he's been a great great
divider I'm going to look at a level of
hatred and you know if I could speak to
these four people look you may be a
democrat you may be a liberal we're
going to make our country stronger gonna
make it good to create jobs I really
think I could talk sense into him so
divided as such as I remember that's
only four ppl ok hello my name's Sean I
had a question for you so first of all I
read the art of the deal and I love the
bus so much was great my question was
what will you do and regulating hedge
funds and Wall Street Wall Street has
not been babies and what we have to do
and what we are doing and I don't know
this is a lot of people we put it on tax
it's the biggest tax cut of anybody my
farm and the middle class
ass is getting the biggest part of it
will bring it back
simplifying it we're bringing the rage
way down it's going to be so beautify
corporations and companies and small
business is they are going to benefit we
are going to have a dynamic economy
again we're gonna start manufacturing
gonna bring trillions of dollars into
the country and you are going to be very
happy so we're gonna work and you know I
was not a bad couple of words they
really do produce yet but they're at a
disadvantage now June we have created a
tax so many people love him it's going
to be dynamic the middle class has been
so hurt in this country they've been
destroyed it's almost like we don't have
a middle-class the middle class in this
country
actions
let's go one last question what would
you do on your first day in office
oh I love that question number one i'd
signed an executive order ending Obama's
executive order
quickly and we are going to help our
backs and you know what I'm doing I put
in a big policy paper and people love it
when I immediately got his start
building up our military and making it
really really powerful strong because
nobody's gonna mess with us okay then
we're gonna do many other things and we
are going to end Obamacare ok ladies and
gentlemen ladies and gentlemen this is
such an honor when you remember this
remember this
I think he came back I think he came
back to worry about him
individual people are all friends they
all want to make sure we are sitting on
something that's bigger than any of us
understand your nose I always made our
country great again and I've been saying
for the last three weeks I've really got
to know the people we are going to make
our country great again
greater than ever before I love you
thank you very much

gentlemen please welcome the next
president United States Donald
you know I missed
we got down like everybody else have to
get out I was watching today television
they said well if we get by far the
biggest clubs like it's not even a
contest and they said all of those
people actually go out and vote but you
know the designer's perspective they
should but I don't think they will I
think they will but they said they said
no they said if they actually go out and
vote the people that show up like an
Iowa had massive the same thing
Virginia Dallas Oklahoma South Carolina
North Carolina we have these massive
rallies and it's incredible and they
said well if they vote Trump wins they
actually said probable
and we have to get out we have to get
out we have to be ok so you know we've
had some amazing news I've missed as you
know for like a week and a half we've
sort of been in limbo right well I could
do is tweak it was driving me crazy
because there were no like events or
anything planned but we all had a good
Christmas right
Merry Christmas we say Merry other
people won't say Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays happy holidays merry Christmas
from
the polls have been fantastic you see in
the polls are just came out of today one
came out Rasmussen where I'm tied with
hillary but don't worry that's going to
and we're going to be going to be far
ahead and bought came out a couple of
weeks ago and we were leading and
another one came out we were leading
we're doing very well we haven't started
on her you know she said we'd love to
run against trumpeter worst nightmare
these people these people that care they
said well the Hillary campaign said
they'd love to run yeah he wants to run
against me instead of somebody else I
guarantee you you know and I explained I
tried to explain to Chuck Todd all these
guys you don't understand when they say
they want to run against rum that means
they don't want to run against you don't
they don't understand you know their
report yet but then tonight somebody
reported that they are absolutely going
crazy and they are devastated over what
Trump Assange now we're getting back to
the basics ok look at what's happened
with the republicans every single person
that's gone after me is gone they're
gone they're gone
when I take on the left the race down
and the very very low portion there you
just said one but they lowered all the
millions that we're spending and
spending I guess so you saw the one
where I spent essentially nothing and
bushes spent fifty nine million he's
down toward the bottom with three
percent or 2 percent or something and we
have we actually had a poke about 42% we
had 39 percent of these polls it's crazy
we have we have numbers we have to go
through them right go through a first
second we have you know they always say
why do you go through the polls cause
I'm winning honestly if I wasn't I have
to be honest if I wasn't I wouldn't be
talking about him and the other
characters he always talks about the
polls we don't when they shouldn't
because they're not winning so we have a
lot of good when CNN 36% think of it
crews to 16 carson's 14 rubios 12
christie's for bush's 3 after how about
this you spend fifty nine million
dollars in you but you know what's
impressive is that the economy Trump is
on the budget numbers 51 how about this
I remember that set of 15 people you
know what 1715 outstrip 49 it's going
down
going to go down quickly by the way when
they have to take new hampshire will
always maintain its place if I went ok
just so you understand you know there's
a big move there's a big movement to put
you at the back of the pack or the
middle of the pack so it would no longer
be the same thing you'll never see me
again but you will see me cuz that's so
many friends you never see a lot of
people again but there's a big movement
to put new hampshire way back I don't
know why I don't know is it retribution
is that they don't want it I don't like
it cause you have a lot of power mean
you have a lot of power and by we could
we get to have problems I mean they have
a heroin problem that's really
incredible I mean I hear so much about
that from the people up here and you
know we're gonna build a wall we're
gonna have a real bored at home heroin
thing I tell you what we gotta get it
under control but I hear more about it
from here than I do you don't think of
it in terms of New Hampshire but
whenever I'm up here I hear more about
it here and we gotta solve the problem
we got help the people that are cooked
because they get hooked and it's not
easy but on the budget and 51% its 51%
with 14 and actually when they did this
fifteen people see a 51% I'd be happy
about 51% what do people right ok
on illegal immigration listen to this
48% because they know I'm not gonna play
games I saw one of the people that I'm
running against the other day they came
up and they said we're going to build a
wall first time he said that my wife was
less you should totally he's coming you
said the exact same words he said was
gonna be a big wall it's gonna be a
great wall I said the same words I
listened to it I listened to it I said
what are we doing here the guys you know
if you remember when I started when I
started this whole dialogue and we
announced on June 16th at Trump Tower
and I said illegal immigration and was
gonna stop at everybody should all and I
went through in the papers and I was
getting absolutely rush limbaugh was
like a great guy said he's never seen
anybody receive so much
incoming I was getting these guys were
killing me and then within two-three
weeks all of a sudden it's sort of like
people saying you know i think is right
and then you had Kate beautiful Kate
from San Francisco and Jameel from Los
Angeles you had a woman a female a
better in a wonderful woman 66 year old
veteran who was raped who was sodomized
who was killed by the illegal immigrant
who is here was not supposed to be here
came in a number of times like vacate
the cake horrible person came in five
different times at least the piano and
all of a sudden and these are just three
instances we have thousands it's it's
out of control
horrible for the economy taking our jobs
taking our money it's a one-way street
they come over they bring drugs drugs
drugs you people know better than
anybody cuz you're really the recipient
of that but they come up with drugs and
go back with cash ok not a good deal and
they go of the walls and you saw the
ramp they built a little ramp the walls
are built to ramp to trucks drive over
the wall
they have Jeep still loaded up with
drugs they drive over the wall didn't
even ripped the world down the wall so
small that said let's just put a ramp up
I would have been easier they shoulda
rip the wall then no those are not trump
all they are not true so illegal
immigration 48% Isis Isis will get the
hell out of them we're gonna get the
real general they may not have nice
language you know we got one of the best
shows because he was very rough and
tough even though the men and women that
were under him loved him but very tough
and gave an interview and he used that
language and you said things and you
know now of course our general shouldn't
be talking they should be shooting they
should be out there did you ever see
general surgeon to view those on
television generals and they're always
say how bad we are the shit one of them
just like they were going about Isis so
what do you think it's a very tough
problem for us up front can you imagine
general douglas macarthur's problem he
come up with this corn cob pipe in his
head and I will be or General George
Patton
it would be over fast it would be over
it would be brutal but it would be over
we wouldn't be fighting the endless ward
how I have been saying take the oil balm
the oil killed the oil for years they
started doing at 34 weeks ago and they
don't do it right you know why they
don't want to hurt the environment can
you know this is a true they don't want
to hurt the environment
ok we are now we have a president that
considers global warming to be more
important than fighting wars of people
that want to blow up our country blow up
our cities kill our people and he said
global warming is our biggest problem I
i dont its hard the whole thing is crazy
the whole thing is crazy ok foreign
policy Trump wins with 30% so he's just
some good numbers morning console listen
to these numbers I don't know they write
I think forty percent for Trump 9% for
crews everyone else way below that ABC
washington post great company right I
don't love the washington post actually
because they don't but they treat me
good in the polls
hey nobody's gonna say they give me any
favors that I can tell you
38 percent 15% 12% 11 then you get into
the singles right the Monmouth mall 41
to 14 PPP Iowa came out recently
28 to 25 Trump over crews they don't
tell you that they only go to one point
register which I have a big problem with
between that between that and the union
leader which i think might be worth a
lot a lot a pile of garbage at
newspapers about that you check out you
about what happened yeah you know you've
heard a lot of the story so let's talk
about the union leader how dishonest
okay CNN 3636 216 right Monmouth mall
4114 a fox Fox 3916 3917 numbers item
and election but today I wanna
on the way in Iowa in Iowa a CNN poll
which was so one-sided that it never
gets reported other than by CNN actually
at 33 22033 cruises adorning that's an
Iowa poll you don't hear about it they
only talked about this crazy Bloomberg
whatever it is Paul it was you know what
she was frankly fine but it was one of
the few polls room actually behind its
Iowa but and and I think the people and
I would think we're gonna win it and I
really glad we have like new hampshire
like South Carolina you know we have
great friends and iowan and I think
we're gonna win my people think we're
gonna win but we'll find out i mean
we're gonna find out if we don't know
what to do well but I think we're gonna
win it
PPP thank you win new hampshire right
it's so bright you know it's like this
everywhere and sometimes you know we're
only confined like this a room that we
have people outside of get to a second
one after this you believe it unless you
want to give them your location and let
them switch just no I don't think you
but we have we we have such incredible
enthusiasm you go to these meetings and
even the press the rallies and even the
presses its incredible when we were in
oklahoma 20,000 people standing in a
park we could get a building called it
we just said let's do it in the park was
a very windy day so I put that on ok
very windy make America great deal of
that and in Dallas we had twenty
thousand people in the Mavericks where
the mavericks play Mark Cuban was going
to give us the arena and he he he said
you'll fill up fast and he was right we
started into thursday on a Monday we
were packed and we're actually packed
before that but on Monday we came and it
was an amazing event and in Mobile
Alabama 35,000 people we started a hotel
ballroom that after about two minutes
that was no good because the people you
know they heard we were there we don't
have a long time you know we set it up
like a few days in advance sometimes but
in mobile we started off at a bar we
went to a convention center which held
ten thousand after about two hours we
realize that was gonna work to just went
to the football stadium the place was
packed you probably saw that so we we
just in Phoenix we have 15,000 people
it's been unbelievable you saw the other
one when we pulled the plane up in front
of the big hangover I was a mess of
anger place was packed we get a little
show with that plan I'll tell you that
was going to write that was a good
visual we everybody everybody loved it
but it was it was good that plane was
made in America we don't say that that's
going
so we had PPP 2825 you have Quinnipiac
my favorite Quinnipiac 2827 and as I
said CNN 3320 in my favor so I think
we're going to do great and i'm looking
forward to iowa and you know it down to
almost like for which can you believe
this I mean how quickly occurs when I
started on this journey who's actually
june sixteenth but thinking about it a
little before and it takes guts to run
for president really does especially get
on that a politician never did this
before I'm self funding by the way all
these guys that think they're all
bloodsuckers they're all taken money
they're all control they're all
controlled by the people to put up the
money believed me and I used to put up a
lot of money I paid three hundred and
fifty thousand to the Republican
Governors Association recently you know
just a little while ago during the year
and its
understand it but and I'm not blaming
anyone 22 system and its but it's a bit
system in terms of making our country
great again in terms of rebuilding what
we have to do the infrastructure in
terms of being smart like for instance
Putin said Trump is brilliant and drop
them
no I don't know if we did see well we
did do 60 minutes together now we
weren't together but he was on I was on
the same night we got great ratings by
the way even even CBS 2 I'll admit that
we got great read it but it was put in
trouble on sixty minute but he came out
of his brilliant Trump is leading the
pack dropped his deposit and my approach
is not terrible that he said what's
terrible let's get along with people
what is terrible will do fine believe me
we're gonna do fine but having russia on
our side instead of you know these guys
want to start some of them want to start
the third world war let's start third
world war let's have no fly zone let you
know this is what these guys wanted to
let you know what's up shooting down
everybody's airplanes over syria Homs
Syria I think maybe we have other ideas
but if they want to bomb my sis I said
night said this right from the beginning
you know it it russia wants to go and
buy my sister I agree if russia wants
the bomb meisters excuse me go ahead
Hey
and they don't like I was in a better
than we do for dinner you hear the whole
thing that we can't fight Syria and a
saw who's not a good guy but with
backing people to fight a sudden we have
no idea
look at hillary Clinton what happened
with Libya look at No
now look what you did with it you know
you take a look at you take a look at
you look at Obama's done with iraq I
mean a red is becoming did becoming a
force we gave them we gave them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars we
gave them everything they wanted we
didn't win anything we don't even get up
prisoners back and you look at that deal
and you just see gross incompetence
grows stupidity that's what it is and
now I ran is taking over Iraq and I said
that you know twenty I never put it
together and put things together really
quickly especially when it involves a
economic so I said that I ran made the
single greatest deal than I've ever seen
me and I'm not talking about country I'm
just saying our side was incompetently
represented the Persians a great
negotiators great negotiators and they
just beat us at every front they got
everything about self inspecting how
about that a self-respecting they're
gonna say no no we're not building
nuclear you can take a while and then on
the other case we have 24 hours but
before the 24 days before the 24 day
starts what happened we have to go
through a process and the process could
take a long time right so did so we made
this horrible deal and I keep talking
about what a horrible do then I said
wait a minute because of us and I was
against this from the beginning I'm the
most militaristic person in this room
but I always against right now I mean
look I gotta know you gotta do what you
doing
I'd like to build up on bill I'm gonna
build it up so strong so powerful
nobody's gonna mess with
and we're gonna take care of our vets
with my man where the hell is my man I
we gonna take care of our vets
we have our that in many cases are
treated worse than illegal to come
across a good good good that you know
that right
take good care of you know I don't know
if you saw that over the weekend in
Phoenix this is where a lot of bad news
came out two years ago and a lot of
dishonesty lot of corruption it worse
than ever just came out two days ago you
saw was in the news in it takes so long
to get a doctor people of dying dying
waiting to get a doctor or something
that could be a procedure or a pill or
something really little not a big deal
and they're dying and these are events
shies away this is why we hear these are
great people we gotta take care of its
so we're gonna take care of our vet and
you are holding me to that right you
better believe it now would have to take
care of it but we need to build its so
big so strong and you know the funny
thing is is that you build your military
really strong it's really the cheapest
thing you can do is you have to fight
nobody wants to mess with you I'd really
nobody want nobody's gonna mess right
now
general Odierno when he left he said our
country is the least prepared than it's
ever been talking about the army was on
television to get all these guys are you
know what if I had one of my generals
even if they're retiring if I had won I
don't say well week even if we r don't
say we're week he should wear the least
prepared I think he said in history
maybe from ww2 almost like what
difference does it make to hell of a
long time but with the least prepared to
have her ever and I'm saying even if
it's true don't say don't see why would
the enemy why do we have to have that on
television and then we had the other day
showing how tough it's going to be I see
so many of these people on television
you know there are certain words to
describe what's happening with our
country and I used to say we're in
competently led I gave up the wording
company because it's really not good
enough
what's the word we use
bit so we have to be you know what's so
important we have to be unpredictable
but too predictable even these guys I
get up before these debates and some of
these oh and by the way debates ok look
at it see the ball drop on top that's
just because it's my paper but on the
bottom they have make America great
again
GOP debate who won in the policies are
all separate drug use an incredible guy
drudge forty-six percent now you gotta
send again
1560 people 46% time magazine that was
on the cover for weeks ago they do
nothing for me believe me that they
should have been many of the above right
everyone says I don't say it I said
they'll never pick me because I'm not
establishment they played thank you I'll
be your man
let you know I really want to be a year
from now couple years from now when we
want to straighten this mess out and
then let him so
time magazine 49 / 51 syracuse.com 49
USC News and World Report 69% PBS public
broadcasting how people think oh these
post because there are like to go to do
immediately right they think I'm sitting
by the phone calling in there getting a
hundred thousand calls I'm not making
that many calls I'm not going to spend
that much money is not worth it so
anyway PBS 69% so i won the debate right
Washington Times 62% CBS 59% Fox 5 Las
Vegas 62% and New Jersey dot com 49%
think of it
think of it I mean and then I go home
and I watch these very very dishonest
people well trouble is ok and he was ok
not be the best night not his best night
I said what I did you write you know how
about bush where he makes a commercial
you know he's trying to show he's tough
tough trying to show his energy I said
you doing better you keep going another
20 years you know he's trying to show
you how you make a commercial about me
he spending millions and millions of
dollars ok and yes me standing there and
he's making his doing all the talking
because when I'm ready to talk where
every time I talked he got killed but
where I'm ready to talk they don't have
any talking so you will do this you will
do that and don't forget to talk show
they just had me standing there like
this you remember when I talked I said
wait a minute I'm at 42% your two
percent
you started off over here next to me now
you falling off the end of the stage
of how dishonest that's actually
dishonest advertising how do you do with
the commercial where you're talking but
he could have you talked i mean where
everybody should I won the debate and by
the way you know last in the debate came
out I think it was bush he came in last
in a bush bush or cases I'm not sure
which one but one of them came out well
I think those bush came out with one
percent voted for it was just family his
family now but and I don't think he's a
bad person I really don't but we you
know we can go by this anymore we gotta
we gotta get this done we don't need we
need people that really know what the
hell did doing we need people we need
people that are gonna take back our jobs
from China from Mexico from Japan
Vietnam we need it so so but he might
get a just cause I turned on I'm coming
up today and I see the television and
the Saanich over and over and over again
I keep look I don't even watch its
myself I always watch things when I'm on
right I can't even watch it anymore just
turn it off it's so boring but again
he's saying I don't get a chance to
answer so what's the purpose of an ad
like that now most people saw the debate
right so you know
so I think it has no impact that a no
you know I spent ten million or 18
million or something on ads it's going
to be very interesting what's happening
again
get out of here is another one so the
press here how it feels very dishonest
people they're very bad people some are
fine but for the most part these are
really sleaze bags these are bad people
know that bad
bad I go to stadiums we fill up stadiums
and I tell the cameras to turn the
cameras that they won't turn the campers
they won't tell them they don't show how
many people and all the time I say it my
wife she said with the many people there
tonight should we did you watch it I was
like I said you didn't show it again and
I don't turn the camp they want but if
there's a protester one protester will
stand up in a corner of the room or in a
corner of the stadium and only time I
actually like protesters cause the only
time you see how many people are there
is when there's a project for you know
they focus on my face which I don't like
I don't like that I wanted to see the
crowd let the crowd better than my face
and we all can I tell you right I love
you too doll exactly how I wanted it so
we had an interesting because you have a
very dishonest newspaper reports also
failing this paper is going down the two
Brewers I remember when this was a big
paper look at the size of this thing is
if they cut it down anymore you won't be
able to find it it looks like the things
you know when you go to the grocery
store where they give you a little hand
out what do they call that coupons
so this guy his name's Joe McQuaid
he's he's a low life I'm telling you
here's what happened is what up I'll
tell you when so I thought he was he's
useless I thought he was fine I thought
he was an aggressive guy he'd call me he
talked to me he'd want me to come up and
make a speech in new hampshire I do it
he asked me to help James Foley which I
like very much a given a big
contribution to his parents as parents
are great people he asked me to speak at
that event I spoke at that event he
asked me to do many many things she go
through a whole litany of things then he
said would you do me a big favor would
you come to I'm gonna have a debate now
debated before I never did get a job
reduce I built jobs and put the great
company and if I didn't do a great
company wouldn't I wouldn't be talking
I'm not a debate that's why I'm so
impressive in winning all these debates
but a lot of its common sense I mean
let's face it right but i'm i'm a job
producer
I'll be the greatest jobs president that
God ever created that I could
but this guy mcquaid edge and I go and I
see he's doing very badly tells me the
papers doing terribly which it is doing
very badly he's gonna move out of his
face or something but the building is
like an empty building and it's doing
but I i dont care about this and then he
calls me up very short time ago and he
said would you do me a favor what cause
I have 10 million between Facebook and
Twitter more than 10 million people have
a big following to put a month he said
could you do me a favor
chris Christie is not on the big stage
could you tweet that he should be I
think it just now he may try and deny it
but it's awfully tough I didn't put it
there from I'll go check out I said you
don't want me to do that i mean it
sounds a little bit strange for me to
sit be saying you're supposed to get on
there by yourself right he said well I'd
consider the favor I tweet it would be
nice to have chris Christie on the stage
and I felt like a little weird people
call me what you do thats why I said joe
mcquaid from the figure I'll get some
better treatment right then he asked me
for different things and then he asks me
he said would you play a round of golf
with me up in new hampshire at his
course he's a member of a quick so I
said I can't take that much time do not
like President Obama the guys out
forever
I just can't take that much time I said
I can't spend the whole day playing golf
I just can't do it he said would you
would you then come and have lunch with
me at this club nice club and very nice
I said alright so I come up I made a
speech I was with a group that wasn't so
bad I didn't go over you have lunch and
i meeting you know writing me all over
the place he's not writing is walking me
all over the place saying hello to
different people this is Trump this trip
I'm not break I'm just saying he's
having a good time right I'm sitting
there i order hamburgers this is all
about him were gonna hamburger I think
he paid for the meal to be served all I
can tell it he said well he didn't you
look like you know what hit him I
believe in hitting back to think so
look at look at this lease with all of
the things I do somebody is the big
thing so he's doing a debate or has he
calls it a forum and it's like the night
before facts and the facts they
everybody's talking about it all over
the world for months and it's becoming
bigger and bigger didn't used to be
bigger than what I got involved it
became right i mean variety all the
hollywood things they should the truck
debate that ok so number one i didnt
really wanna come up here but I was
young when I said Joe I can't do it I'm
not doing that I wrote another set of
not doing it I don't feel good about
doing it I don't know how it pertains
and actually it was a disaster
very few people went and got very very
very low ratings almost nobody watched
and Bush had a bad night I'm not talking
about it but he had a horrible night he
shouldn't have done the debate was very
bad for him but they did it because the
union leader they figure has some power
it used that power was run by the local
family they did a great job but it's
lost its power i think i mean I don't
know maybe it doesn't maybe it has more
power than I think but I think you know
i watch the sky and honestly is a loser
so so so you want me to come up into the
debate and I said I really don't think
it's appropriate and I school speak to
the people at Fox how would you feel if
I went into it they weren't exactly
thrilled because they want to have the
big first debate that I wanna have been
debating
and anyway I didn't do it I think I was
the only one something by satellite I
think I was the only way downtown is
that would do well in iran has it worked
out that way for them either but they
did by satellite and it was over was
that nobody cared and it was very again
looked at the seats are a lot of empty
seats in the auditorium and it was a
disaster
ok I should get credit for that vision
they call that vision ok I'm the only
one that didn't do the corporation just
like vision was don't go into Iraq even
though you're strong in the military
don't go directly to destabilize the
Middle East vision was writing about
Osama bin Laden and in my book in 2000
nobody ever had a so-so I wrote about
Osama bin Laden Joe Scarborough a great
post in the morning you know Morning Joe
Wright he talking about two years before
the World Trade Center came to somebody
should have gone out and gotten them and
I wrote about because I would see him
and I would read about him and he was a
very threatening guy is this guy out but
I wrote about him that's what you need
ok but I should get credit for not doing
the debate said into the debate he was
really furious he was very very angry
and I am a nice letter afterwards I said
sorry I just can't and it probably means
you wanted to ask me but I can't do it
ok but in the meantime I've done all
these things I made big contributions to
charity
I came up I made speeches with him I
thought I get along with a friend and
then what happens so tell me what
happens he endorses Christie and that
was ok and I think that was going to
happen because when he called me up
couple of months ago to see if I can get
Christie onto the main stage i said i
think is going to ask Christy right why
would he be doing that and the first
time I met with him he said I'll never
endorse Christie and the reason he said
that he hated that Christie embraced
Obama's so strongly before the election
right before the election I happen to
think I don't know if it cost him the
election but it cost them a lot of oats
and there are many people that think
that that endorsement when Obama went to
New Jersey that that endorsement was
responsible for the loss of the
republican party and Romney I mean it it
was certainly not good
fact when I saw it right when I saw it I
said I think he's going to vote for
Obama
I actually called a friend of mine who's
involved with him I said as he voted for
Obama I mean it was honestly was
terrible was without the flood that
barricade and Obama went to New Jersey
and it was like he was like a little
child Christie was like he was so right
now but he was so the only only in new
hampshire only in so anyway but but it's
got spirit by the way you're ok ok I
didn't I did not give her that I think
it's very cool but so I said he told me
that I was terrible and I said I came
out a long time ago when I first met you
I think the first time I wait I said I
really think that you know the one
person I get outdoors is Chris because
he couldn't stand back that he did this
anyway so why he did what he did is he
endorsed Christine that's trying i mean
you can do it but he doesn't understand
the star-ledger which is the big paper
in New Jersey said he was made a mistake
there must be something wrong nobody
called us you've had tremendous
downgrades either nine or 11 downgrades
of the bugs its number of 50 out of 50
in terms of economic development and in
terms of the economy it's like one of
the worst in the country for jobs it's a
disaster I have property in New Jersey
the taxes are through the roof they are
through the roof and you go through it
so you have Obama I don't put my call it
a hug mentally it was like it was
unbelievable he was like a little boy oh
I'm with the president
memory flew in a helicopter he was all
excited to be in the helicopter I said I
would have put you in my helicopters
much nicer
no I thought it was a terrible thing ok
so what else happened to George
Washington Bridge now he's got three or
four people there with him every day you
a lot of you people you have companies
your friends and you with the friends
everyday right and your breakfast he
would have lunch or breakfast with him
all the time and dinner with this little
group of you know his cabinet now the
George Washington Bridge is the largest
in the United States and is the most
traveled on bridge I believe in the
united states right they wanted as
retribution for the mayor of Fort Lee
New Jersey they want to close it I don't
know why because I think about the mayor
of Fort Lee nobody even knows it's in
fort lee began to think about the
governor of New Jersey's doing a bad job
but they close the bridge now you just
put yourself in a common-sense mode you
are with your cabinet you with him all
the time they're closing the biggest
bridge in the United States most
traveled on bridge one of them in the
world and most traveled on the United
States you doing that and you're not
telling the governor and you with them
all the time you think governor by the
way they're closing the George
Washington Bridge tonight no no you
having lunch and you don't happen to
bring it up
does anybody believe that honestly is
there one person no no is there a 1%
chance and and I'm not you know I have
been friends with Christy but when
mcquaid who's really christie's lap dog
I will tell you that's all it is first
of all I know you're happy he's up here
because he's up here but you know the
people in New Jersey want to throw out
of office running New Jersey where where
a disaster state we're going to have a
governor's up in new hampshire every
single day having town hall meeting soon
to be doing it in New Jersey in all
fairness ok I mean we love new hampshire
but he shouldn't be up here all the time
he supposed to be he supposed to be
running the state so what happened what
happens is mcquaid into asses chris said
it was a really strange endorsement
because again
11 or nine out of nine down
it's the worst thing and I think that
it's an incredible circumstance so that
was okay too but the star-ledger a whole
big thing about how could they possibly
do it and they said he's one of the
worst governors in the history of the
site how could they possibly do this
endorsement how could they possibly do
it they didn't understand it and they
said they never even called us you don't
normally get called the big newspaper
that's a big newspaper in New Jersey and
it said what do you think well it was a
strange thing ok so what happens is the
following I think it that's ok but I've
been really nice website I don't I can I
get killed i get absolutely kill that I
just got right up front page story about
me a lot of the twenty said is really
good tough tough tough and you know we
need a little toughness now but
diameter a dying paper and then again
this was a big power here years ago
although think of this in 36 years since
1980 ok think that since nineteen eighty
they've picked one president was ronald
reagan they endorsed one guy who ran and
won for presents 001 @ of a thirty
six-year period right they've got one
and then I can win this time that I can
tell you okay I mean one thing I'll say
I one thing I say they didn't pick the
guys gonna have been easy we're gonna
win right now so I just finished her
story hello
okay thank you
you
and the next day the next time it
happened right now now the next the next
time it happened I said be nice
be really nice don't hurt please don't
hurt em be nice
the next said this trip is a much weaker
person than we thought I can't wait so
you're too tough for you to whatever but
I will just tell you so I said there's
no way because I did so much for this
guy a sleaze bag
there's no way you'll say badly about me
because you know i mean he actually told
a big announcer that Trump is a
wonderful guy can you believe it that he
writes just up so he's control and I
just have to tell you to paper it's not
a good paper you know it's dying I don't
think it's going to be in business more
than two years he told me it's doing its
gotta move out of the building and the
whole thing they let John and some other
guys go that a fantastic people event is
the greatest but I just won't tell you I
think it's a very disloyal act when
you're nice to a person if we if we
endorse Christie I don't care I mean
that's up to him but you don't go and
try and hurt somebody that's been
helping you and that really has done a
good job
ok you don't do that so here you can
have a power
that's all it's worth garbage ok
so we are going to make our country
strong we're gonna make it great what
going to make it safe now what has
happened and it's interesting because I
had a big boost in the polls as a 28 now
I'm at 39 and the CNN and I'ma 42 and
morning consult and others and what
happened is Paris what happened is
california where these radicalized
people went wild and you know what I did
I said we have to find out what's going
on folks we have to find out what's
going on this too much hatred this too
much anger this too much killing we have
to find out what's going on I mean we
can continue to be nice and stupid and
and just so often you know our country's
gonna go to hell
mean we have these people coming in from
Syria when nobody knows anything about
them they young a strong mostly men you
look at this migration it looks like an
army I mean you don't see many women you
don't see many children you look at the
man they're not as strong as you by the
way you looked stronger but you look at
these Mendes strong fit they look
physically fit you actually say why are
they back home fighting for their
country you know what are they doing so
we're bringing them in and then you saw
that have cell phones some of the many
of them have cell phones and they have
the ISIS flag on it
ok they have I don't know if you saw
that one and then you saw where they've
they've come up with a counterfeiting of
our passports did you see that where
they actually have our passports and
they have a printing machine now it is
not stupid people we need smart people
we need tough but we need smart tough is
no good we need tough we need smart we
need really smart because these are not
stupid people so now they have our past
but they make up in splits isn't that
nice of them Isis and then we take
people in and we know sometimes there
with Isis and they come back and they're
fighting freshest trying to kill friends
of us kill us
eventually they just as they would have
to go away for let's just do it at home
and when you think about it we let them
back into the country now we know there
I said why are we letting them back in I
gotta tell you one of the first thing
I'm doing then that coming back in they
go out a gun
now terrible it's terrible so when I
started all my campaign was very much
about economic development and we're
gonna stop with China who is just just
absolutely ripping us after say that R
is ripping like we have a trade
imbalance we have a deficit with China
almost five hundred billion dollars a
year
deaths in other words 500 billion and
then I hear people say free trade under
free-trader
people don't know but you want I want
free trade but I want to be like smart
rate likely to break even all even take
breaking even but I don't want to lose
five hundred and five billion dollars a
year for the privilege of getting ripped
off by China I don't want that it's not
going to happen that's not gonna happen
with Japan you know they send us their
cars we have all by the way we have all
the carts we have all the cards but we
have people that don't have any idea
about negotiation or or they bought off
by the lobbyists and by the special
interest groups I actually said nobody
can be that incompetent you know some of
these deals we make folks it's not
because they're incompetent actually
very competent for themselves but
they're not really incompetent they are
lobbyists this special interests when
somebody gives Hillary you know ten
million dollars and five million dollars
are two million dollars and they're on
wall street and you know she's trying to
go back a little bit she's trying to go
to the left a little bit because she's
got this wack job that's whack code
named Bernie Sanders he was telling
people well trouble and I have some of
the same people I don't think there's
too many Bernie Sanders
well
we have a few diff although he does
agree that we're getting ripped off and
that's one thing I'll say the one thing
I he's very strong you know he deals
with the problem is he can't do anything
about the report he won't be able to do
anything I'm really good at that stuff
that's what I do but you know the one
big thing he wants to double and triple
you taxes and give everybody everything
free and you're going to pay for it your
taxes are gone through the roof
we can't do it and I'm cutting your
taxes down very very low you saw my tax
plan would cutting business taxes down
wood cutting all of them so i cant
imagine this guy has a chance but I
heard yesterday he's trying to get some
my people and I said I don't know she
talked about the same people that I'm
talking about I don't think so
so anyway what he wants to do massive
massive massive tax increases and people
don't talk about that and hillary
clinton doesn't talk about it and the
reason i'm talking about it I think you
know I'm saying this and I really mean
she does she does not mean it when she
talks about it was it was so funny today
where they actually ABC's not wanting
Trump so badly but I will tell you and
I'm telling you this strongly first of
all she has committed a criminal act
what she did with the emails is criminal
according to every single person that
I've met and knows his stuff and and not
just in one day and Benghazi also on the
Benghazi was different
Benghazi she was too lazy to answer
phone calls remember a commercial about
the phone ring it just watch even answer
if she did you see where the ambassador
since seven hundred or five hundred
calls and emails everything and yet she
spoke to a friend many times but they
had they said they were in trouble and
many many emails were coming she never
responded and remember that commercial
is a pretty famous commercial who do you
trust tonight obviously didn't trust her
because Obama her
Obama
I want to find a way that word that's a
common word of the enemies to be beaten
badly I will give the president and by
the way all show NPR ok National Public
Radio one of the most revered MCS
political people one of the most revered
used it and he is the exact same where
even the EDF en to him it was ok for
drug was horrible but what it means is
to be beaten badly and that's what I
guess it has other meanings but it means
and when I met is to be beaten badly I
won't use it again today we don't want
to make that the store we want to make
other things the story but but but if
you look at what's going on and you see
what's happening we have all of the
power economically we have tremendous
power because China remember this it's
one of the greatest chefs in the history
of the world what china has done to our
country one of the greatest steps if you
look at what mexico is doing good
country it's a mini version of what john
has I mean and you people know better
because you know all the jobs went down
to mexico you know practically better
than anybody cuz they came right in new
hampshire they came out of New England
and you have suffered because of crazy
policies and it doesn't and it doesn't
help us so with mexico we have the wall
we have the butcher we gonna do
everything right they don't respect us
more by doing that they had a respect us
more by doing what we're going to do I
tell the story with boorda's everybody
know that the forts and just simple
they gonna bill again and it's such a
great story because it's so simple but
forged it has been two and a half
billion dollars building a plant to
mexico so that means you get close
different plants mostly in Michigan I
guess and how does it help us and then
we take their cars trucks and parts no
tax no nothing like people that don't
know what they're doing they just drive
them but you know next thing that could
have the illegals driving right across
the board
modest well if Hillary gets in that's
what's going to happen for 20 buildings
plan and the illegals will drive the
cars right in and they'll probably give
him the car to you know they won't give
them they won't give them to our vet but
the given to the illegal so I tell you
know so I said that's not going to
happen and I kill the serb just doing an
abbreviated caused a lot of you heard it
but a lot of people didn't hear but it's
so good two and a half billion dollars
for spending and it do it
spending it in Mexico by the way nabisco
now it's closing its big plant in
Chicago and then moving it to mexico y
when never gonna have an Oreo right no
more no more Oreos know which is a good
thing not a bad thing that's good in a
lot of different ways but so with Ford
so they could do they could send the
question is what happens when Hillary
gets call and she knows I mean to sound
stupid people she does us no good for
our country but her lobbyists and
special interests are all getting paid
by different companies including Ford
and various and they gonna say you can't
just super PACs to cricket super PACs
how crooked of those super PACs man they
are bad news they are so crooked their
bad news we had super PAC setup for
Trump I didn't even know who the hell do
people were you see people on television
one of them did the art of the deal pack
2 nice-looking young guys I told Fox
shooting it to view it look like I don't
know what they gonna do with the money
people to send the money I have no idea
what they're going to do i mean some of
the candidates have their super PACs no
running their campaigns they've given up
but the super PACs are running and I
think it's I guess it's not correct
they're not supposed to be doing it I
guess you could say it's illegal but
you're not supposed to be doing it but
these super PACs are out of control so
with for it so forth
has this plant and Hillary let's say
finds out and she said what I wanted i
dont wanna don't wanna and then he'll be
called by one of our donors by special
interest lobbies and so we gave you five
million dollars you can't do that that
would be very disloyal etcetera and
bottom line is they will fold
hundred-percent like a hundred percent
with me I don't think any of their money
I have turned down so much money it
sickens me to think of it as my whole
life now my whole life has been taking
money that's what I do with business
people take money take take take some
people said he plays too tough game we
need somebody's gotta play we play we do
it it's a game I you know to certain
point and now I want to put that
whatever that is I want to put it to use
so that we get rid of some of the
nineteen trillion which by the way it's
going to 21 trillion and did you see
what was past two weeks ago
won't happen here we are you know ok so
we're disappointed Democrats I'm more
disappointed the republicans that the
republicans let that get past the visas
the syrians also funded the everything
the border coming through everything is
funded everything is funded that is one
of the most disgraceful things i've seen
and it took what 24 hours it was like
done you know these republicans are
going to go down I'm going public at
some of the likely cause I tell the
truth they're going to go down to
washington and they raised their hand
against Obamacare didn't do it they were
gonna kill Obamacare they didn't do it
you learn how to judge it should have
done it
judge roberts he didn't do it they
didn't do it
he had two chances to do it first time
hundred-percent second time would have
made it so would have gone it's gonna go
anyway here's the good news is going
anyway but it's going to be very now
it's going you know the beautiful thing
about if I run and if I win so I run and
I said this before I just said if I run
and if I win I'll be able to undo his
horrible rules and regulations that have
been crippling our businesses you see I
hope so because I'm working my ass off
this guy
this beautiful young guy he's not going
to be voting for another 10 years but
I'll tell you what I appreciated his
daddy make America great again I
appreciate it now but I am working and
working really hard and frankly I'm
doing it because I wanna put I always
had a talent at getting things good and
I've had a talent that money and we need
it we have to have a talent and I made
the statement about a month ago I said
we want to make our country rich again
and then we're gonna make a gradient and
a woman came up as you said mr. Trump
that sounds recruit to say we gotta make
it rich we can make a debtor nation
right now where a third world nation if
you look at our school system where 28
position we spend the most per student
by far
second is so far behind us and we're
number 28 in the world in schools ok and
by the way
Common Core guy on guy
comment cards Second Amendment yes we're
keeping Second Amendment
you know Obama is looking to do in my
opinion an executive order on the second
amendment I think he's looking cuz he
cant get the support and i think i think
thats gonna be a prob that could be a
tough one for him I think he's gonna try
and do a second does some kind of an
executive order in the second amendment
just based on what I'm feeling and what
I'm saying and I'll tell you
that's gonna be a rough one because
there's nobody more impassioned than the
people that believe strongly in the
second amendment tell you about the
second amendment if in California or in
Paris frankly I mean we're not talking
second embarrassed but when these
animals came in then they started
shooting into various places in Paris if
we had a couple of people like you and
like a couple of people two or three you
guys definitely you guys they would've
gotten off the first shot this guy they
woulda got the first shot but you know
what it was a bit Paris and France have
the toughest gun laws in the world they
say nobody is going to accept the
biggest ok so they walked in with AK
forty-sevens a walk in with all this
stuff and you know they haven't they
bring it is not so hard to get it in if
you don't mind breaking the law they
were the only ones with any weapons and
they had big weapons big weapons
powerful weapons hundred and thirty
people dead many world war gonna die you
know yet people that are hanging by a
thread in hospital and they were just
shooting people randomly and then the
press close to guide the head guy with a
dirty had caused him a message of mine
and I've been hitting them so hard at it
don't call me mister man because they
are playing the internet better than we
do you know we are the we we invented
the internet they played better than we
do they radicalized people over the
internet so I said to him I said look
don't call the press don't call me mr.
mine and I've been saying that for three
weeks and I don't hear anyone I said
he's a low-class sleaze bag who happens
to be dead right now and I called the
guy with the dirty had ok because that's
a good expression and they go in and
they go in they go in and they should
people now if one of you folks had a gun
strapped to your waist or spit on your
ankle strapped out to your ankle and you
could say look at that that's not good
and they received a little fire would
have been people hurt but it would have
been a very small number by compassion
and I know one thing they will they
would be gone that would be done but we
don't have that and when you think about
it
same thing in california they walk into
a room with no guns no anything innocent
people that if they were friends
these people through them like an
anniversary party or something i mean
this is a sickness going there is a sick
this cut this radicalization is very
this is real sickness doubt I say it's a
sickness that's not nice it's kind of
folks this something wrong we gotta find
out what's going wrong
this something really bad happening this
something bad so they go into shoot all
those people 14 16 people dead others
going to die and they should now if a
couple of people have guns in that room
it would have been that way it would
have been that way even a you need to
have everybody if a few of the people
had guns it wouldn't have been that way
and you could say that for every about
the army base with a sick soldiers were
killed and two of them were like
world-class I mean these are top of the
line shoulders one of the boys
world-class marksmen and they had a gun
free zone on a military base you believe
it first thing I'll do first thing I'll
do we take care of our vets were gonna
take care of our police because the
police have been mistreated terribly
and we are gonna and gun-free zones on
military bases and Scott and day one
that'll end day one that that's an
executive order of I ever saw one that's
gonna and a one so when I'm with friends
from New York liberal you know they say
well we're going well and then I go into
pairs I said ok let's assume that we're
Paris and the shooting this and
everybody standing there like how
pleased and missing you overhear book
you is what was happening come over here
boom boom boom nobody could do anything
nobody could do anything they were they
were helpless it was horrible when you
hear the stories it was horrible I
explained that these guys these people
that want to knock out the Second
Amendment they've moved the debate so
badly that they embarrass anyone to talk
as if it's in front of people didn't
talk about it let's go to a different
subject sailors in the next day or so if
you change in my no no they don't change
your mind and I'm not even saying that
but people there something going on
there there's something wrong but we are
going to have a strong second amendment
we are going to keep it we're not going
to let him play with the bullets you
know they want to take away the bullets
that one of the concepts you know
because it doesn't necessarily talk
about bullet so they want to take away
your ammunition we're gonna have a
strong second amendment we're gonna have
it and it's better for the country its
strong it's good I have two young sons
hunters they are they've been the NRA
for so long so my butt but they've been
there for so long
and you know hillary wants to take away
your guns that is such a bad thing she
wants to take away your guns folks and I
i tell you what you know they say the
republicans have a structural problem we
do it's harder for a republican to and
we have a strip certain structural
problems but they what when you talk
about the guns when you talk about the
Common Core when you talk about
different things that we have we have
some big advantages over them we really
have some big big advantages but the
guns are going to be safe
another thing that's going to be safe is
this great state so I want to tell you
it's gonna be as good as I said it's
going to be and I'm telling you it's
going to be in you know what's going on
and it's going in and lots of circles
where they want to and I don't know why
but they want to do something bad to new
hampshire it's not gonna happen if I
went that I can tell you I give you my
word never gonna have never gonna
so I just want to finish by by saying
that we're gonna be strong we're gonna
be smart but we have to be unpredictable
so I'll go to these debates and I have
some of these people some are excellent
in summer I will please you know you
know the ones I'm talking about real
sleaze Mr Trump what do you think of
this that that is that that's not like a
question that's a statement we know who
they are but you know what I say to him
and I say it strongly I say we have to
be unpredictable they're saying what
would you do with that I was going to
bomb the hell out of the UL but I had to
say it eventually that's one problem I
had to say it and now people are saying
I've been saying it for years but I
don't want to say everything I wanna be
unpredictable I wanna be general pat
down wanna be general douglas macarthur
we want to go in we don't want them to
know what the hell were doing we have to
go in and a lot of people love it when I
say that you know it's it's the kind of
thing and the kind of thing and then the
and then the MCS again announcing and
say well he didn't know that I dunno I
knew so much remember Osama bin Laden in
my book remember mom the oil for years
I've been saying it but I said bombing
keeping ok this is different because I
wanted to give a lot of the money to the
vets and the families of the vet said
were work Ill
and to the Wounded Warriors I mean these
are the greatest people the way they go
through life and a big smile on that
face I wanted to give plenty and we have
so much left would have so much but I
want to keep it but look we're going to
do something I'm so happy I did this i
really was torn I said to my wife I said
to my wife on June 6 thank you I
appreciate I appreciate but I said to my
wife I said boy and it dropped out I
went down the famous escalator were she
was elegant and I was waving and and
it's a pretty famous scene now and we
went right from day one we hit it on the
head and we took a lot of heat and a lot
of abuse and everyone's now coming back
same thing with the Muslim situation I
get a lot of heat to three days he said
people don't you know maybe he's right
now they're all talking about somebody
had to bring it up and I'll tell you
what if I don't bring it up would have
never been brought up ok and we have
muslims a wonderful we have one
wonderful people but there's something
going on there they have to turn in like
trenches these people in california
people know we had bombs all over the
floor people know why did they turn them
in turn them in because it's their
culture there around each other they see
each other they know what's going to get
a tournament you can't have people dying
you can't let this happen so I brought
it up when I brought in about illegal
immigration you wouldn't even have that
as a topic if I didn't bring it and
nobody was even talking about it and it
turns out to be
a very big so I I just finished by
saying this it's so important that on
february eighth ninth you what you
should do in February 8 stand there is
you know what you're gonna have you can
have tremendous you have tremendous
numbers of those problems but it's so
important that you get there early and
are troubling night you get in and vote
it's so important because you know
otherwise it's just all a big waste of
time I got a call from one of the most
prominent reporters and very highly
respected and he said to me who I don't
know but he's one of the most probably
one of the most respected in the world
actually and I took his call and he said
how does it feel I said has what feel he
said what you've done nobody else has
ever ever done in the history of policy
and and even the other day as CNN said
number one story from NBC said number
one story so many other number one
search trumped-up ok that's fine but you
know what he said how does it feel like
I said I don't know what you read he
said what you've done I did look what
I've done doesn't mean anything if I
don't want it does to me to me I really
does it they said no and he said no no
it doesn't matter if you win or lose
what you've done is you've changed the
whole dialogue you've changed everything
you've changed politics as we know it
and I want to know how you feel I say I
will let you know after I went because
honestly unless I win it doesn't mean a
damn thing to me I can tell you that I
could graduate so you'll get one of
these you'll get one of these other
candidate up here and they have thirty
people forty people 28 people it's true
I see it we had a thing where we had
four thousand five hundred people in new
hampshire and Bush was down the road
meaning like 30 miles down the road you
know it's new hampshire so long way but
thirty miles down the road and hit a
hundred and nine people we had for 4,500
people this is a movement this is a an
unbelievable thing is happening I don't
even use the term silent majority
because there really a noisy group of
people they want
and and to a large extent this is true
the American dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and stronger more
powerful more beautiful than ever more
beautiful
and just to finish we are going to make
America great again I love you I love
you thank you everybody I love you get
out and vote the night thank you thank
you thank you everybody

talking to somebody that I talked to
report a good report
and I said I don't think you know for
all of the self-funding I don't think
people even understand it I don't think
that most people appreciate the fact I'm
the only one democrat or republican that
sell funds right and I'm saying I don't
know if it's appreciated i dont know cuz
it seems to be but I can't tell you cuz
I was on the other side of the spectrum
for a long time and I gave a lot of
money over the years to politicians the
bloodsuckers I call it I gave a lot I
gave a lot of money over the years I
gave recycled three hundred and fifty
thousand to the Republican Governors
Association I gave money to everyone and
by the way as a business person
especially from the standpoint of
Countrywide worldwide to give to
everybody you want everybody to love you
you always do that you have to have an
obligation to your company your
employees to your family to everybody
but I just wonder self funding right it
does matter doesn't it doesn't it I
think
cause I never understood whether or not
the people really understand it whether
or not the people that do really get it
because I want to tell you when you
looking to pass legislation or oil or
drugs or something and I'll tell you a
story that I heard recently a friend of
mine came up and he's in the
pharmaceutical business and he said to
me and very successful guy he said to be
80 Donald terrible thing happens when
the united states which is the largest
buyer of drugs meaning drugs to make
people better prescription drugs
etcetera everything they don't negotiate
the price so even if the largest buyer
in the world but they don't negotiate
the price they buy things almost as
though you went to your local drugstore
and took it off the shelf that's the
price and they said how is that possible
no I immediately knew why but if it were
that way if we did negotiate let's say
we did a favorite nation's laws ok
meeting the person that buys whatever
drug for the lowest price during that
year that's the price the United States
will pay ok now we should pay less but
at least it if we do that will save
about three hundred billion dollars
though can you believe that no can you
believe that one so you talk about
medicare you talking about all those
different you know they say we can't do
this weekend to that somebody said why
is it now I was even surprised at that
and I'm a pretty skeptical guy when it
comes to politics and politicians cause
I know politicians better than anybody
in the world those but somebody said
well donald's not experience I said to
experience I've been dealing with these
guys all my life I know so they said how
is it possible that something like that
could happen how is it possible version
of the drug companies are massive donors
to the politicians so if you look at
Johnson and Johnson and you look at
these different companies they give to
the politicians so why do the
politicians do no no you can't negotiate
you have to pay effectively you have to
pay retail it's so simple that will end
on day one
ok that was formed a terrible it's
terrible you know government spending
people talk about budgets to politicians
it took about budgets so government
spending billions and billions and
billions of dollars can be cut in hours
and hours yes it down folks relax we're
gonna be here for I'll be here so I by
the way I came in so we came in I landed
we drove here from the airport
you have the most beautiful churches
i've seen i mean these churches
seriously no the churches there were
three of four they were so beautiful so
I almost want to just go in and pray but
I figured I'd be late and you would like
that ok but you have honestly the most
beautiful churches coming in speaking of
that Christianity as you know is under
siege it's under seige we're not going
to let it happen we're not gonna be I
would like a letter that you know I've
been telling people we're going to start
saying Merry Christmas again a Christmas
we're gonna start saying it was shot
undersea you know what happened and I
was with pastors and ministers resettle
and a whole group there a lot of
endorsements with the evangelicals I'm
leading nationwide in the polls and
people say wow Donald they don't know
they don't understand people people
don't understand I have an unbelievable
relationship jerry falwell junior just
endorse me which was a great endorsement
pastor Jeff Francis Lewis is a great guy
pass to Jeffery said so many but we're
leaving with a weird number one with
evangelicals and they they want to have
somebody that's going to protect the
country they want to have somebody
that's gonna make great trade deals they
want to have somebody that's gonna get
rid of Obamacare and do something we
have so many alternatives I don't know
if you've seen what's happened some of
you have because people come up to me
that dropping at El even have lost a
fortune
it's going to die in seventeen anyway
unless the republicans continue to
extend didn't read it money but people
are going up 25 35 45 percent with the
premiums going up and look at what's
happening they're not getting denied
getting coverage of not getting proper
care I mean it's so bad it's so bad it's
not working if you are run over by a
truck
you probably won't be able to use your
insurance so we're gonna get rid of it
would replace it with something that's
going to be great but what happened what
happened with the church's what happened
with the church's is president johnson
put in a bill that really has everybody
nervous because it makes them a
political entity they lose their
tax-exempt status so they actually have
less power than the people sitting here
because that doesn't happen to us and I
said how could you let it happen
the church has such incredible power in
this country if they used it if they've
been together but they don't band
together and I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure they don't ban together because
they're afraid to lose their tax-exempt
status and I said to him recently
had fifty ministers come up and pastors
come up to my office and we SAT around
talked for two hours was amazingly so
interesting I have such tremendous
support with MSA folks you have probably
two hundred and fifty million you have a
bigger lobby than women and you have a
bigger lobby than men that's not bad
right I said and you don't have real
power if I would have said what I said
which a lot of people respect and I said
with respect when I talked about radical
Islamic terrorism and people respected
we have a president that won't use the
term you won't talk about it you never
going to solve the problem unless you
talk about it but if I would have said
that talking about the muslims if I
would have said the same things about
Christians I wouldn't have the same
approach hard to believe the whole thing
is ridiculous we had a pick up a couple
of you might remember that a couple of
months ago because things are going gone
and I talked temporary but things are
going on there are bad this hatred that
nobody's ever seen anything like this
when you fly planes into the World Trade
Center you fly planes into the Pentagon
the third plane I have to tell you these
were brave people they took it down
probably heading to the white house they
think but there's an anger out there
when you look at Paris and you have
these thugs walk in and kill a hundred
and thirty people with many many people
in hospitals that are so gravely injured
many more will die when you look at
california few weeks ago with the
radicalized couple they say she
radicalized him who cares what do these
people come from nowhere do they come
from where do they come from
and then President Obama yesterday goes
to a mosque and he apologizes I mean
what what's going on
we have to write
not only goes in and he apologizes and
you know it's all fine but we have to
find out what's going on when we have
the migration and you look at this and
it's very sad and we should build safe
centers we should build safe zones in
Syria but we have a migration and you
look and you see so many young strong
men and they say where the women and the
children are you have but you have in
disproportionately small numbers and
then you have a president wants to take
him in by the thousands and we are know
where they come from who they are
it may be a Trojan horse it maybe Isis
nobody knows ok nobody knows and we're
taking in thousands and thousands and
thousands of people and the real numbers
are far greater than the number you
talking about and you know what we all
have hearts we wanted to be good I want
to build safe zones I wanna have to me
let that let somebody else pay for it
for change the Gulf states are making a
fortune right Saudi Arabia before the
oil went down now they're making a
little bit less ABF they were making a
billion dollars a day to give it a
billion dollars a day and we pay for
everything we protection Arabia we
protect so many countries you know we
protect your money nobody knows we
protect Japan Japan has a treaty with us
if we get attacked they don't have to do
anything if they get attacked we have to
start world war three ok this way now
all ideals we don't make good deals we
don't win anymore we don't win we never
have occurred when was the last time we
had a victory so we take he said ww2
that's actually pretty
remember who said that said up stand up
we've had some but we haven't had many
we certainly don't have many victories
anymore
well that's good you better vote for me
speaking of that you will you please get
out you gotta vote it's going to be a
biggie I tell you this you won't you
won't be sorry
think of this picketers so we protect
South Korea we have 28,000 soldiers
right now on the line between north and
south korea we have the maniac over
there you know talking about nuclear
nuclear every time he raises his head
we start sending our ships over now I
like south of buildings in south korea I
do great with so many many people like I
like China but they kill us okay because
the leaders are much smarter than our
leaders but we have the greatest
businesspeople in the way we just don't
use it we used political hacks but South
Korea take it
28 wiews political action negotiated
deals it's unbelievable
all talk no action these guys know I
like the weather held his group is out
like this group
so we have 28,000 soldiers we protect
South Korea every time I ordered a huge
amounts of television sets a different
judge thousands and thousands again from
South Korea it is a absolute behemoth
they make a fortune why are we doing
this I want to do it I want to protect
them but we're a debtor nation we are
nineteen trillion dollars 19 trillion
nobody even knows what the hell the word
treated means if I asked even the smart
how many millions are in the Chilean how
many hundred millions of how many
billions is it a trillion it's so out of
control people don't even know even the
top smartest people that aren't even
know we are 19 trillion dollars we have
now with that stupid budget deal that
was approved three weeks ago that gotta
prove so fast
by the republicans it got approved how
long did it take half a day so we have a
budget deal you know we send these
people to washington they shoud tough
we're gonna fight Obamacare we're gonna
fight for this weekend to fight for that
with it take care of our vets which
nobody cares about Sept from we gotta
take care
we send them to washington they gonna
take care of the vet figure to do all
these things they get there and
something happened so they look at the
beautiful I always say they look at
those beautiful marble columns they look
at the Florence a look at the angels in
the ceiling and they say to the husband
and the wife darling we finally made it
we're never leaving and then they say
are you voting for Obama care and they
go yes some voted for obama-care it's
crazy
something happens some things in the
water in washingtonDC something
happened
but is that really disappointing ok so
here it is so you have this man on the
to the right to the right now in to the
right of the differences but you have
this band has a maniac perhaps and you
gotta give him credit for one thing that
guy's a young guy he's dealing with
these generals his father dies and he
maintains control something going that
you know when they don't underestimate a
guy like that do not underestimate right
does everyone know what I mean there's
plenty of guys I assume want to take
control the father dies two kids young
kid takes over do not underestimate that
kind of talent now they'll say all I
like it I don't like him at all just
don't underestimate Vladimir Putin said
the other day donald Trump is a genius
he's the leader and he's going to be the
leader in the United States he made a
statement
these people are running against the
republicans said that's terrible that he
said that you have to denounce that
statement denounce it immediately you
have to do an out I said you think I'm
going to denounce a fact that I guys
calling me like great energy I'm gonna
do that's crazy are you crazy
with us what you know
I love you too man even though it's a
guy but I love whoever the hell who is
that I like that guy so now but wouldn't
it be nice seriously I read the other
day with the military is having a hard
time buying bombs because this so
unbelievably expensive probably they do
the same thing is with the drugs out
whatever it is will pay right because
again the defense contractors are big
contributors right I haven't even
started this folks believe me I figured
out like at about two seconds
think of it they can't get the bombs
again get the missiles because they're
so expensive so wouldn't it be nice if
we can use rice and they use some of
their bombs and then this is we have to
pay for it so that's what's going to
happen that's what's going to happen I
think we'll get along fine I think we'll
get along fine and we have to stop being
the policemen for the entire world most
of which hates her guts hey I got i mean
you think about it look what we did we
going to Iraq which by the way yet how
saddam hussein this was not a nice guy
but he had one thing that he really
liked doing he killed terrorists ok he
killed terrorists and he didn't have
weapons of mass destruction by the way
in case anybody doesn't know so we go in
and I said you're somebody said Jeb Bush
said nice light on the chopping off its
low energies they're chopping off the
heads of Christians in the Middle East
and many other people and we're supposed
to have a nice tone ok we're supposed to
have a wonderful town well ladies and
gentlemen is that nice the world is an
evil place you have to understand the
world is tough right now
this is like medieval times you know
when we read about medieval times is to
jump ahead I heard of chopping off heads
until recently
James James Foley remember James a great
beautiful James Foley with his parents
are great people but they started
chopping off heads we do here deserve
these are people that are animals and we
gotta ended we gotta knock the hell out
of them and fast fast so we have to stop
saddam hussein shown 2003 2004 that area
job-producing I do great job they do
really good stuff I have a great
statement did a wonderful job when I put
in my papers everyone went crazy they
were hoping they would look good they
would much bigger than anybody ever
thought very low debt some of the
greatest developments in the world
Turnberry in Scotland Doral in Miami I
mean some of the great some of the great
buildings of the world a big chunk of
the Bank of America building in San
Francisco buildings in New York the
press look these people read all those
cameras they looked by the way they'll
never show that audience behind them all
but I like you will you show the
audience behind you pls 10,000 people
turning I love it I love it while I love
it he turned the cameras
thank you very much that was very nice
that never happens I don't think it's
ever happened I always go home and my
wife she sees me on television
told us live television they don't take
them in every every event is live
television someday I'd like to do one
without cameras likud up but of course
if the cameras are near that means bad
things happening to write that means
nobody cares but every time I go home I
was just to be darling where there many
people there
10,000 10,000 did you see that no no
they only show your face they'd never
move it and that I always talk about the
protesters I say I love protesters
the only time they movie cameras when
there's a protester cuz that's supposed
to be a bad thing so I love protesters
and i said im gonna start creating my
own protesters ok thats I'll be honest
they altered or both subnet guy on the
right didn't turn out in awhile how he
didn't turn that guy right there
right
yeah right but now I honestly I really
we've done a lot of these we've had
tremendous audience tremendous you have
over 10,000 people today and look at the
people still pouring in its crazy folks
it's a movement I'm telling you this
isn't like you know other guys come here
are the candidates come here there's
like a hundred and twelve people
fifty-nine people I mean jeb Bush's
spent a hundred and twelve million
dollars and nobody shows up wat the
house and he spent a lot of it on
negative ads on me and he goes ahead
after editor at a Shell and I hope
people don't think so and then it goes
up he does negative ads we have
something special happening there's a
movement going on we're going to take
our country back that's what we're going
to do and we're gonna run our country
intelligence intelligence and we're
actually going to have because you know
a lot of people left when I say but I
did it I'm a unifier I bring people
together we have a president who's a
divider he's a very divisive person I am
a unified we are gonna bring people
together this country is totally
disjointed everybody hates everybody and
people shouldn't be surprised at USC our
country is going to come together we
have a movement going on that hasn't
been seen it was on the cover of Time
magazine last week
great sorry right great story written by
somebody that never called me he never
called me I should I finally found out
how to handle the press don't speak to
him was when I talk to my get lousy
stories all the time it's incredible but
if i dont this guy's a great writer he
has eroded pressure but he is he's known
as a brilliant writer and you should get
it the one last week he talked about the
fact that we have something going on
that hasn't happened in this country in
many many years and some people say it's
never happened in the country
there's never been anything like this I
go to dallas we have a stadium like this
we have 20,000 people with the Mavericks
play I go to Mobile Alabama Alabama
right right they do have a good football
team right now I have to admit
we have to be true we can respect
somebody we can respect the stuff but
now but I got a mobile alabama we have
35,000 people we go twice now to
Oklahoma 20,000 people all of New
Hampshire we have the biggest crash the
biggest crowds all over it no matter
where we go we have the biggest crowds
and there's something there is something
happening well she said you can't stop
you can stop you know how we can stop if
they don't vote if we have people to
question is do people get up and vote
you know so weird thing they stand
outside for five hours to come in and
the only question because now we're
going to see you know without the caucus
stuff and I think we did great in iowa
you know I really do I think we did I
think the people of Iowa tremendous we
had an amazing time there and I really
you know a lot of people said don't go
to Iowa skip Iowa started new hampshire
new hampshire doing really well but
started to have said no but I like I
when I like two people have a lot of
friends that live in my window will go
to and I think we should come in first
to be honest with you a lot of things
happen they're not the things happen a
lot of things happened there but is it
funny I came in a strong strong second
third was quite a distance away although
they said about Marco who is he was so
close
class is over 2,000 votes which you know
we're not talking about use numbers two
things happened
number 12 largest vote in the history of
Iowa that the republicans write the
number
largest 280,000 which ad I got other
than the one who is a double candidate
you know has two candidates for one I
got the largest vote outside of the one
candidate I got the largest ever in the
history of it you know so I and I've
never done this before I'm not a
politician show but
thank you thank you so the person that
came in third
unbelievable result unbelievable is a
huge victory but I came in second in the
should do so well as they can but you
see I don't think I did come in second I
think I came in first ok
but but I honestly it doesn't matter
get a lot of delegates at it really
doesn't matter because my total focus
now is our new hampshire and then next
week my total focus is going to be right
here in South Carolina so we are going
to create borders this country has
people coming in and a lot of the wrong
and I just saw this statistic today it
came in yesterday in congress a hundred
and seventy nine thousand you know that
is that's like yankee stadium filled up
three or four times a hundred and
seventy nine thousand huge criminal
aliens right these are people that were
convicted of a crime
ok convicted some of them very serious
crimes we have them now in our country
we don't even send them out
we're gonna get about now we're gonna
get about and we're gonna send it back
where they came from when I put them in
jail for forty years
for years and years in jail it's
expensive
strong borders are Border Patrol people
are fantastic and we're going to build a
wall ok remember we're going to build a
wall
I always gonna kick his ass are you
ready and who is going to pay for the
wall
so easy and so easy you know we have a
trade deficit with Mexico that's so you
it's so big or as Donald Trump would say
it's so huge it is so massive and again
these politicians I'm not gonna reveal a
lot of I really like all but they never
gonna get you to the promised land folks
none of them I know him all that is not
their thing it's not that they so they
come up to me you can't build a wall
really can't you well you know that's
how easy it's so easy I know exactly
what is going to look like it's so easy
China has a wall of this bill two
thousand years ago that's 18,000 miles
law that's a walk now that 1 I'd say
maybe we don't bill that's like going
across the united sates somebody's gonna
build a wall in northern border well
that's a pretty big law about four times
that China the Great Wall of China
18,000 miles long can you imagine that
they built a two thousand years ago wall
that's a big wad I'd see that this is
serious wall this is not a wall that
they drive the jeeps across with the
ramp so you know we have little walls
are like this I like four children they
actually do they built rafts down its
easier but they've built in this
pictures in the magazine short I think
it time magazine a jeep loaded up with
drugs goes up down sell the drugs she
does goes to new hampshire without a
huge problem they have a huge problem
you have a huge everybody in the country
is used to go up to go down they come
back so we get the drugs that they get
the cash no good
not gonna happen anymore not gonna
happen anymore
not gonna happen
portly we have people so addicted
because you get into the heroin and it's
cheap and they're so addicted and
getting out of it getting out of that
addiction is a tremendous trouble that
help people have to help people but the
best way to stop the best way is if they
don't start and if they can't get it
either way to make it so tough we're
gonna make it so
but these politicians come up to me and
the politicians and they said to me
seriously how you look at it get Mexico
to pay and they always say they say
you're not gonna be able to get Mexico
to pay how he didn't do that and I say
it's easy
the deficit is hoping they make so much
money we give them a lot of money on top
of everything else which is hard to
believe we give them a lot of money we
have searched the world is peanuts
compared to the numbers you talking
about I didn't know that these people
these are not people that are gonna get
you there so carl icahn endorsements a
great businessman many other great
businessman endorse me and they want to
be involved they don't want money they
don't want to have you know then that
political he's a great people he's a
great now some nice nice where the hell
cares right now we can some you wouldn't
want to go to dinner with you and the
beautiful red sweater you wouldn't want
any part of ammo though they're so rich
I don't know that your husband there now
you know the guy next to you then you
probably wouldn't mind dinner with a guy
who's worth 10 billion though who knows
but we have the greatest business people
in the world we don't use we use his
political hacks people they gave
contributions to get jobs we as people
that have no talent we use people that
actually have conflicts of interest when
they negotiate they like China they have
deals I mean we are the worst we are led
by people that are stupid we are led by
people that are incompetent
we can't keep going we can't keep going
you know every year the 19 trillion 20
trillion you know at what point does it
stop and you know I said to the
politicians who said we have a plan on
the budget they were telling me they
think they can balance the budget over
the next 25 years I said 25 years that's
a long time
25 years and it took about 25 ok so
we're gonna make our country so strong
we can build up our military you know
it's very depleted general and very very
depleted and it has to be because last
quarter we are now just practically no
growth we would essentially no growth
you know what China announces 7% growth
we we haven't had seven percent growth
in many many years what China and now
just 7% growth it's like a catastrophe
for China we have no gross I last
quarter no growth think that what that
means that means ha Rochelle our exports
this month and last couple of months I
now negative they went way down
lowest since the recession which means
one thing you can have a big recession
it's coming within a bubble
ugly ugly bubble and you see it now with
the stock market starting to happen
because the only good sign the 5% self
is is nonsense the the unemployment rate
because if you're looking for a job and
you try so hard and you go here and i
cant find it ok so now you go and you
quit you just can't do it anymore chance
I just bought 200 places I get to see
you give up you are statistically
considered employed in other words you
are now taking off thats why they give
these phony numbers the real
unemployment rate is over 25% and I'll
tell you something if it were really 5%
like this it is which is a number
devised by the politicians to make them
look at before Obama long before Ababa
they should look at hey if I win its
gonna make me look great
but you know what it's a number devised
because they don't count people that
look for jobs and can't find them then I
cannot get how can you not counting
heads of millions of people that can't
find jobs I will tell you if that number
will correct we wouldn't have a stadium
like this full of people right we
wouldn't have it wouldn't be it wouldn't
be so it wouldn't be i talked about the
way we deal I talked about all of the
things we do we have to use examples and
you know what you don't have to use lots
of different examples I can't but there
are some that are so egregious sergeant
pergola trader right is treasurer is a
dirty rotten trader by the way so side
yet he's a traitor he left he walked he
thought it was gonna have a wonderful
life you know celebrating whatever they
celebrate so he lives we lose six people
killed great young beautiful soldiers I
see their parents great beautiful
soldiers get killed they go out and they
look at and they're looking at they get
killed probably viciously killed it
right we get back
yeah we had a general and a colonel and
they were interviewing everybody they
knew he was a traitor it wasn't like oh
they made a mistake and I you can see
that you would like that how can you be
that stupid but this is far worse we
knew he was a traitor so far deles we
get Bergdahl and they get five killings
that they've cut it that they've wanted
for nine years and that now all out back
on the battlefield tried to kill us all
what kind of a deal is this what kind of
people what kind of people would make a
deal like this
the other is why I talk about it all the
time because it's almost that even
understandable it's so ridiculous the
deal with Iran we give them one hundred
and fifty billion dollars we get nothing
we haven't negotiated named John Kerry
as Secretary of State
now she'll show said I talked about
every time I talk I don't even believe
it could be possible and he doesn't ever
walk from the negotiation he's got a
negotiation he doesn't walk from the guy
they are dancing in the streets all over
around at the great deal that burning
the American flag this saying how stupid
we are because it feels so good at the
deal has been made yet that was six
months ago remember they're all dancing
I said this still doesn't make it right
who the hell would go back in just keep
negotiating like nothing's happening and
you have as obama calls him the supreme
leader I will never call him the Supreme
Leader Fox
you have a year Obama we have spoken to
the supreme leader that is I always set
of children we serve as I thought of you
have a deal where they get a hundred and
fifty billion did you see what they
spent all that money in Europe and with
russia and with other countries
everybody but us they bought a hundred
at eighteen Airbus's right hundred at a
Cape not Boeing Airbus faded Europe they
bought missiles from russia then
negotiating with Italy then negotiating
with everybody but the United States
shipper United States what are we doing
and then carried two weeks ago says yes
we expect some of that money will be
used to terror but we haven't been able
to see it yet if he thinks terror what
the hell does he give you the money
right did you see that two weeks ago
he's talking about
yes we expect some of the money will be
used for terror is this man a dumbing or
why what we're doing now that deal and
ice ages we should never ever have given
them that money that we should never
have started that negotiation unless we
had our prisoners back
ever and what you do just you know
pretty simple is like 101 any one of
these people that I'm talking about that
will be negotiate would have said this
stances I would say what you do is you
go and you said we need our prisoners
back 34 years ago did you see it you'll
take so long what forever you know why
they just kept saying no no no we just
kept saying okay okay okay anyway the
deal went like three years four years I
never saw deal takes so long and we
never walk we never once walked out of
the room I said boy would this be a good
time to a because so often it was so bad
and you saw what was happening as it was
being covered by the media and you saw
what was happening at lyk it would make
Obama look so good if they actually got
up and walked right lieutenant governor
what a great guy by the way a lot of
great what a family water family the
bush of the family we stand up this is a
great woman this is the real boss right
here looked great couple great people
really greatly appreciate how do you
like his commercial did you hear it that
everybody here it pretty not that many
people heard what's going on did people
here the commercial I think it's great I
told him I said Henry I actually move my
voice kisses said I endorses commercial
you have to say that as a matter of life
and I did like my voice compared to his
voices voices so beautiful I said do me
a favor moving to the front that said
the back I did like but with your ndo
what happens is you go in and you say
gotta have the prices they'll say no you
leave the desperate they need money
their economies Gresham it's a disaster
over there or it was now they're rich as
hell he said we need to get out of our
personnel say no you walk out you say
bye bye
enjoy your crashed economy enjoy your
depression enjoy your depression funk
they'll call within I always say 48
hours but I usually mean 24 hours they
usually me two hours but we don't even
get on the plane and they say you have
here prisoners lender prisoners land you
go in four seconds right and seconds are
the following folks you know my father
as you say take the lumps and he thought
I was too full
he had a son that his high-energy had a
son high-energy as opposed to chip now
my father used to say the Sun set to
tough so you know I would say you're not
getting the money should tough right you
know you force them to do things it's
not good so I would have said the follow
Alice you got a problem we r 19 trillion
dollars we have another two trillion
because we had it it's approved budgets
that it don't know what to do it so
we're 21 trillion we don't have the
money we don't have it there's nothing
we can do about it we won't be able to
give you the hundred and fifty billion
dollars they'll go nuts but within 23
days later that tobacco now we saved a
hundred and fifty billion dollars it's
easy now we get down to negotiate we
make a deal
ok cuz I love the idea of making deals
on nuclear nuclear is very important we
have to do something with nuclear
nuclear is a whole day crazy deal and we
have to and we have to be very vigilant
and we have to be very careful and we
have to make sure that the wrong people
don't get and if we think somebody's got
it we gotta really act we can't just
haven't noticed like a North Korea they
talk about iran now an offer to
surrender and doesn't have no clear they
will after this they don't even have to
make it they can buy it for all the
money they have but they don't have but
the guy in krajena have something like
like homework it's so unpleasant you
don't want to think about it well given
notice we never talk about North Korea
he's actually got to clear we don't talk
to know why they don't talk China has to
take care of that problem and if China
doesn't take care of that problem we
have to hurt them on trade because they
suck so much money out of US system they
suck our jobs they take so much I love
to Chinese too great friends of mine I
make a fortune with
I tell people the largest bank in the
world as a tenant the mine in Manhattan
its from China I sell condominiums 50
hands of millions of dollars to the
Chinese the grade but like the Mexico
leaders like the Japanese leaders the
chinese leaders are too smart for up
people that just watch for leaders are
leaders don't have a clue they don't
even have a clue they devalue their
currency I'll it is like the new trade
deal where they don't even talk about
devaluation that's the number one thing
they do and it's not even discuss that's
why I'm so against the new trade deal
and watch China which is it a part of
the trade deal will come in at a later
date through the back door and they'll
take advantage of us like they always do
because we have people that are not the
right people negotiating ideals just
like when we had carry and these clowns
at negotiated a deal with Iran so what
we have is we have a deal now where they
get the money where they have 24 days
for inspection so in other words we call
up we think that we want to inspect
because we hear missiles are being built
in a certain area so they have 24 days
but the clock doesn't start kicking you
have to go through a whole process so
the 24 days could be much much longer
but the greatest is where they have his
own with a self inspect the shelf
inspected
think of it we call up as President
Obama would say we call up the supreme
leader supreme leader sir sir Obama sure
I hear you're making missiles would you
please self-respect and let us know
whether or not there's any nuclear being
made on that
pleased Ala
so what you please tell us whether or
not as any nuclear being made in that
area and yes you know in our agreement
you will self inspect oh yes will call
you back to 1909
ridiculous know that Obama got wonderful
news on a lot away doing folks what the
hell are we doing what the hell are we
doing
so I said they said look behind me
that love this country remember that
and then I said it's not the greatest
two weeks ago I started saying this is a
ron is gonna take over iraq iraq has the
largest oil reserves in the world second
in the world among the richest
beautiful oil and I mean the best
highest-quality thats Iraq now I ron and
I said this in 2003 2004 Reuters don't
do it you'll be stable and I'm the most
militaristic person in this room I will
tell you ok believe me believe me nobody
is gonna mess with us we're gonna be
strong going to be powerful and nobody's
gonna mess and hopefully well hopefully
hopefully we'll have to use that power
but you know when you are strong and you
really really strong and people know it
and yet the right leader that a mess
with you babe message gonna be all right
now their toys they talking with us they
toiled with us you look at it
China toys with us they built in the
South China Sea a phenomenal I mean it's
incredible it's a fort with runways for
planes for bombers for ever think they
don't care about us they don't care
about us we can't even put up a wall at
that building a thing and you know by
the way one of the reasons we didn't
build the wall we couldn't get fifteen
years ago we could get the environmental
impact statement you believe it not show
they couldn't get an invite because the
stones and all sorts of stuff they're
going to build a wall this way to avoid
to avoid red I read i snail
about two billion more just do if you
turn there's a snake in the way there's
a rattlesnake it's very rare let's move
the wall about a mile last and give a
little turned a wall that look like a
press so so China in the South China Sea
is building a massive military compound
with runways and everything and you know
they do environmental impacts that they
have the biggest excavators you've ever
seen and they're ripping the hell out of
the ocean they're ripping and dumping
and they're ripping and their debts
almost finished and they do it they
supposed to do it no do they have any
respect for us know did they suck us dry
on trade
yes they've taken so many jobs millions
of jobs
thousands and thousands of factories and
they're great I don't mind you know what
it's ok I'm angry at our people I'm not
angry at them if they can get away with
it it's great I'm not upset with him I'm
upset with the people that we have that
allowed our country to be salvaged like
this
the greatest deal I've ever seen
is what Iran did where they're taken
over iraq now if you think of it watch
I've been really good at this stuff I
was the first one I said bomb the oil
pump the oil balm the oil who got the
oil a lot of it I says I should have
been saying you know some of you have
listened to bomb the everybody said and
then they actually interviewed on one of
the networks about a year ago one of the
generals Mr Trump is very insistent on
bombing ooo that would never work
bombing the oil you know we have
generals echoing talk shows all the time
you think General George Patton would
have been big on the talk shows he would
have you want to have this war over
before it had a chance to go from his
base to the studio where they fell on
the talk show
trucks were in bad shape
what's going to happen now is we have
created a monster power with Tehran Iran
takes over iraq they've got it got it
that you know people so they haven't
what they have done it and Iraq Dow is
looking to Iran for protection the whole
thing is Chris the whole thing is crazy
but now they take over Yemen didn't want
them in but they want the border between
saudi arabia because they want to take
over the island Saudi Arabia a Saudi
Arabia's very rich Saudi Arabian hijab
protection to get a pass something they
need to take a given something folks we
don't have the money I want to protect
you I want to take care of you I want to
work with you a country just don't have
the money to keep doing this so we're
protecting shouts career for peanuts for
nothing we're protecting Saudi Arabia
makes one billion dollars a day before
the pressure now makes a half a billion
and a not so bad but was making a year
ago a billion dollars a day and when
protector and when we send our ships you
turn those suckers out a question
million dollars right to turn on the
engines we protect him every time we
protect everybody we protect South Korea
he shot Chup Chup Chup we immediately
start sending our ships our pleasure we
get that thing we get nothing I want to
protect what we can't do it anymore we
don't have the money now if they wanna
pay us substantial money we I want to
protect them but we can't do it
28,000 soldiers on the border why are we
doing this and those soldiers are in
serious danger ok just so you understand
they are in serious serious danger we're
protecting Germany everybody has a
mercedes-benz will protect in germany
it's a baby meth and economic behemoth
we're protecting them I love them
my father came from Germany but you know
what think it helped us out we don't
like we want at least cost we can't keep
doing this we can't keep doing this
and then people wonder why do we have 19
trillion in debt and why are we doing so
poorly so look we have a very very big
day coming for you folks very surreal a
really big day on the 9th up in new
hampshire that we come down here ten
days later we go with you we gotta win I
promise you one thing I don't want your
money I don't want your money I don't
want anything just want your vote
gotta get out and vote gotta get out
because if you don't get out and vote
we've always had a lot of time and
energy in my case money I don't care but
but we've wasted tremendous time
tremendous amounts of energy and our
country is going to hell and we've gotta
stop it so
so ladies and gentlemen of South
Carolina luck looks very simple we are
going to start winning again we're gonna
win on trade we're gonna win with the
military within a win without pet shop
that's going to be taken care of we're
gonna win with health care we're gonna
win with health care we're going to get
rid of common core which is a total
disaster for education
so vital to protect
we're going to have strong borders again
we're going to have the wall people come
into our country but they're coming into
our country legally through a legal
process
we are going and we're going to win a
lot and ideally we're going to win all
the time we have all the cards if we go
with a hillary or this character bernie
or any of these people I'm telling you
we're going to be so deep
we're going to be in such trouble it's
never going to come back so are you
ready
the american dream right
the american dream is dead but we're
gonna make it bigger and better and
stronger than ever before
we're going to make america

the show biz ladies and gentlemen we
our great sex
Pearl Harbor
we don't want World Trade Center is we
don't want that ever happening to us
again so I want to thank everybody 2,000
people outside and sometimes you say
when you like to wait about an hour
until they all come in but we can't get
anything with differences we all got
lucky I played great shape and in
Highland trial 33%
carson had 16 and going down and Rubio
at 11 and pushing for managed trade 33
just came out
everyone else
generals television talk a lot of
military people here to waste time
military so strong so how are so great
you know in many ways this thing we can
do to cheapest thing as fighting these
wars are doing and we have leaders are
afraid to do anything that makes it so
great so strong that people message did
not messing with it take care of our
trading status who wounded warriors
thank you are not being taken care of we
have illegal immigrants it taken care of
better than our incredible veterans and
it's not going to happen to do
trunk 46% can you imagine that with all
of these characters running on foreign
policy truck and you know it's very you
can say well maybe some I think that
people want to see strong then went to
see strength they want to see protection
they want to be protected and that's it
i watch list and I watched the president
truly didn't know what he was doing he
did
why he was there he refuses to use the
term radical Islamic terrorism he
refuses to use the term I don't even
know who knows what is going on
I know how it's just gonna be an
extension of Obama I think maybe worse
she's got no strength she's got no
salmon remember that you don't need a
president with no strain of Salmonella
when we're being written to trade with
being ripped off on Obamacare which
should be repealed and replaced by
myself
taken care of what jerry is never been
like it is today one of the generals was
on television as usual daily with Elise
prepare now anytime that he's ever seen
it and he's been there a long time
retiring that's how we are in the most
dangerous world we've ever had because
of the power of weapons we have people
that don't know I'm telling you I
watched i watch his generals the
interview
General George Patton would be
interviewed they do the total and
complete victory general douglas regard
their first day talk later these guys
and I don't think we'll have to you know
just bush he said yesterday was the
interview he said that he was elected as
a 13 percent something like those things
you'll find out but if you look at what
happens where he is upset with me
because he says the talk dial trial is
not nice
whose heads of jumped up in the middle
east Christian and for other reasons
drowned and steel cages and we talked
about my tom foolery said the same thing
other stone is not nice living in a
different plan
we need somebody who's strong we need
somebody was incredible energy but
incredible intelligence and all of those
things you know a lot of people but then
that's everything we need tough we need
in this country we own 80 trillion the
budget they signed two weeks ago is he
making 21 truman it's a trillion
trillion dollars per gallon heard of the
word 21 trillion dollars in the very
near future we are really in trouble we
have to rebuild our country we have to
rebuild our infrastructure we have to
rebuild our military and yet we do deals
with China with this trade imbalance of
four hundred billion dollars a year in
their favor by the ship and they said
the cars by the millions seventy billion
dollars here imbalance like we're going
to build a wall it will lol
I really stop on hillary was at least 15
people you know this fifteen I had very
strong he went down
governor walking nice guy he went to
every kind we gotta keep it that way to
grandmas he's got 0
literally zero and the kids talk and get
so much television television and he's
80 his ideas are so bad I'm more
military see in him but I know how to
live he does he was just attack
everything John McCain
sometime the holy city but gotta know
what I was against the war in Iraq so I
just wrote you have to write a great
temperament dunno what you doing I said
if you attack a wrap around is gonna
take over the entire Middle East because
you are ruined it was so simple to me
and actually they sent a group from the
white house because I got so much
publicity so much publicity that they
sent a groom from the white house see
missus see if you can have a rain check
over the middle east and that's what's
happened and arrest them and take over
iraq issuers you sitting there and by
the way iraq with the second
largest oil reserves and we lost
thousands of the house we have wanted
worries level of all over the place two
trillion dollars we have nothing we got
absolutely and we left and we have a
president but then we should elect the
way we left
good and really make our country great
that if I spoke to that young woman that
I really think I could convince him that
we're all in this together we want to
have a strong we want to have a good guy
this is a great guy
thank you
but you know if you think about it and
you have some of the can never be
satisfied no matter what they just
troublemakers but most people aren't and
they believe something that has some
very slight friends on agree with me
that the other side but I really believe
that we have to be
was same person
I got a judge yourself by the securities
just say you can do very nice to you
cell number
thank you very nice person in the same
thing you would think that everybody
will say that everybody every single
person
thank you
in fact is that all there is about the
president's speech and I wrote something
today and i think is very very important
and probably not politically correct but
I don't hear
in california where somebody was making
bombs in an apartment the mother's
mother didn't notice anything will I
watched believe me in my opinion she was
lying like crazy I watched my brother
was such a wonderful guy didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know and I watched
the next joint saying we didn't read
them just didn't want a racial profiling
parade
would like to see the country so many
different ways itself
imagine what a great leaders of the past
12 said with the kind of crap that's
happening with us they didn't want to
replace them because they thought it was
ok you know the the pipe bombs all of
the above is this long to many of them
together but we didn't want to rush the
300 K you are or how bout with the
families and friends go back with the
worst worst because with the world trade
said they would killing innocent
civilians at least dirty rotten sneak
attack at least
while it was but this was an attack on
the World Trade so what's happened is
whereas we have no idea was coming into
our country we have no idea what they
hate us we have no idea if they want to
bomb us we have no idea what's going on
and then I looked at called him winning
those numbers are like looking at these
subjects I hated to look at age it's
very very sad I go after some of the
numbers 25 of those industries Honda
Center for Security Policy very highly
respected this is people living in this
country
25% of those holes agree violence
against Americans is just as much as 25%
51%
and whistles living in this country by
the way I have friends that it was a
great people but they don't have a
problem they know we have a real and we
can't put up with it sucks we can't put
up with it
51% highly-respected no groups want to
be governed according to Shariah you
know it sure is so
I wrote this at the nation watched
serenity a constitution the mainstream
media these people they are so to say
so this one from NBC reporter from NBC
and actually another one I think from
CBS they actually in columbus ohio has a
tremendous traffic 2000 people it was a
love fest in one on for a long time
everybody right to the end right
julianne I had one of the politicians
cases just he's he's a powerful debater
he made a statement that oh they left
after 10 minutes now the press is the
company says it was alive at the end of
the beginning nobody nobody's leaving
here
we asked the press was a total lie and
they don't want to do that because you
know we get the biggest crowds they
don't show this to people outside trying
to get it to show the people here it's a
record in the history of
and yes I guarantee you that young women
to just got taken out after interrupting
us three times I guarantee I guarantee
so we talk about the media and by the
way some of the media's two remaining
70% 75% is absolute absolute remember
this
one of the other day where I finish the
stage and they said oh drop was
interrupted and he left like 45 i den
and should question questions and then I
went around you know everybody amazingly
this a media group that calls the next
to the most beautiful sorry about what
life was from NBC she's there she's back
there
what I live in BC two hundred was a
total lie and they just didn't know that
they actually criticized the media and
they said it was a total and then other
people pick up somebody picks it up
there
rate reported remember
watch the surrender and our
constitutional rights and I don't want
to I want ice is to surrender
a little bit of the country has made
great day to suppose that I like that I
have more we can call the election
tomorrow
coming in on these to go the quiet and
Johnny people are fed up with
incompetent
they are just stupid people where r
president makes a deal to such an
Bergdahl
they knew it was a dreaded just in
general and a colonel went to see his
grip six people killed look into her
parents are television has seen the
parents but I watched some television
deficit they left to try and bring them
back she left you know the old days when
we were struck be
now the other day can you believe they
think he's gonna get away with nothing
is going to happen nothing so we left
untreated in pretty rough though he got
in the way I saw anyway so we get a Mac
and is the day when we get a dirty no
good trainer till they get the greatest
killers that they've been asked her for
six years
fact I here not so they get these top
right now have gone there are trying to
kill everybody in front of them
including you so we get Bergdahl and
they get the killers and that's the way
we doing here and we gave them a hundred
and fifty billion dollars just called
amateur night
we gave them one hundred and fifty
billion dollars 24 days 24 days we think
there's something wrong
24 days we have to wait but it's much
longer because as a whole process before
the clock start but the best when they
have the right to self you doing
tomorrow we don't negotiations always
happen and somebody would say that's
profiling trust she agreed to go she is
so hot
and I don't blame for losing cause a lot
of things were happening I was a tough
one but I shoulda one when he sort of
went away on vacation or something and I
said to myself
recent box just came out as being
hillary very easily 11
we watch this and it's impossible to
watch this gross incompetence that I
watched last week without us a little
while and these people going crazy
sorry this is calling for a pretty 25%
remember this calling for a total and
complete shutdown
Muslims and drink the United States
figure out why the hell is going off
we have no insurance according to
research among others
there is a great for americans by the
large sections of the Muslim population
most recently from security policy
released showing 25 percent of those
polled agreed that violence against
Americans to people that I hear people
here
$25 one percent 1% would be unacceptable
was unacceptable 25% of those call
violence against Americans here in the
United States is just as high as global
jihad
not going to happen as low as 50 1
percent of those polled agreed that
Muslims in America should have to Joyce
just being governed according to Shariah
Shariah authorized main tera chehra
authorize such as believers who won't be
heading and more unthinkable acts that
pose two Americans / ass Ashley
and we have a president who wanted to
mention the term and you talk about
numbers like this without looking at the
various polling down it's obvious to
anybody that hatred is beyond
comprehension
where they come from and why this could
get worse and worse the World Trade
Center's gonna go where we can be
politically correct we can be stupid but
it's worse until we're able to determine
an unjust and EJ
credit losses our country cannot be
horrendous attacks by the police only is
he didn't want to have no reason for
respect for human life they have no
respect for human life
he sounds like he's very exhausting
so so we have to decide
we can be weak
effect
be very gentle very gentle this a try
be very nice so try to pass by the way
if some people in those places where we
have done
the second amendment we have to preserve
it and cherish it and we can't let these
weak leaders if they had guns in Paris
five people in that room
Paris and France has probably the
toughest gun laws anywhere in the world
looks like target practice but people
are sitting and many others are gonna be
dying is sitting in a hospital in many
cases waiting to die now same thing a
few days no guns we didn't have the bad
guys and these people and I just the
press you gotta stop calling a
mastermind season
member the guy in the mastermind human
some of them
disgusted me and we have just watching
the internet and they want to be missed
and then you wonder why do we lose all
these kids they go over there and we
have our anchors I think I can almost
hear it too much but they say the young
man and parasite called him the guy with
the jury's still he had to sign guy puts
people in this message being so the
press has to be responsible people
because of the internet and we have to
do something we have to go see a lot of
different people that really understand
what happened to talk maybe in certain
areas closing that Internet up in some
way we have a lot of real estate we have
a lot of Jewish people we've got a maybe
do so because they are recruiting by the
thousands
and when they come back which is where
are you I was fighting for us when they
leave our country and they go to fight I
just any of the other groups they never
come back they never came
and now they become radicalized now
about the lemon juice Pakistan then she
wins she comes in and engaged and she
let the guy I couldn't get a woman he's
ever had in awhile but he became
radicalized quickly and then they go on
those days are those things we have to
be tough
yes we have to look at how we have to
respect my ass but yes we have to look
at my house we have no choice we have to
see what's happening it's happening in
there is anger and we have to do we
can't be these people that is sitting
back like in the world trade show only
so many different things we can't be
people that knew what was going on to
excel in california probably so much
done soon I didn't want to tell in the
week we have to be strong when we see
violations and quickly I promise I will
defend you from program
when I started this whole West who knew
it was gonna turn into this it's been an
amazing thing no matter where I go I
went to Dallas 20,000 people and 25,000
people I mean we have mobile alabama
35,000 people every time I come to South
Carolina every time I go to North
Carolina every time I go to New
Hampshire Virginia wherever we had a
tragedy that the only problem we have is
two sides of the room
thousands of people outside trying to
get it usually at double-a go talk to
them for a while
exactly love doing after the first one
but I love in these rooms all the same
unbelievable of in all of these places
Oklahoma 20,000 people standing in a
park one quick now this is an
unbelievable love and this is
unbelievable of the country we want to
see and we believe in the Constitution
more than anything but we can't let
people use and abuse are right we can't
let people they want to kill us they
want to destroy us we can't let it
happen we just can't let it happen and I
have a friend who's a very very
successful and I went to one event with
the 24,000 people and this guy's really
tough guy one of the guys I definitely
used to negotiate with Japan China
believe me you are going to be in good
shape that happens when one of these
characters of these guys by the way
funding
these other guys getting millions and
millions of dollars from people I know
you want to give you a lot of money
which is very sort of like to take money
by doing but came in and I said and he
said I get it
gamblers like you so they give me more
than I was the sierra haired boy I was I
would like to come to mean I give them
all money is being used
senator calls me we'll send you campaign
contribution but you know I'll tell you
something in the end the people the gym
these millions of dollars to these
horrible corrupt passed a corrupt they
totally control push and I won't say
got it what she did promise you
have been nice to me today chris
Christie I mean I don't know he's a
friend of mine but he's not doing well
in the polls materially really hit me
today he hated this and yet he said
anybody from the best but he really
behind the whole thing we have to stop
until we find out what's going on
talked about that experience experience
but that's a statement of an experience
that sound like an extreme pressure and
I said I got him at least once I want to
reach with people everyday realized that
closing up the largest bridge in the
world the biggest in the United States
traffic flown during rush hour people
couldn't get across the 67 house
ambulances fire trucks with them all the
time to people he never said a boss
george washington prince
people who don't like I would say this
less than 1% chance but I doubt they
mentioned they didn't mention one of the
meetings and practice like everyday or
every other day Chris George Washington
Bridge because the mayor of is it ok I
didn't mention nobody but you
9 downgrades of the state property taxes
through an expansion coming out of my
ears ok tremendous taxes down you had
Christine you know so friendly with
President Obama
I actually called let me ask you to vote
for Obama I don't know possibly dead and
I was very disappointed one of the
reasons I was disappointed as he called
Christian had dinner right after the
election if Christie did that to me I
would have never spoken to him so when
he talks about when he talks about lack
of experience I built this incredible
company I would probably be able to make
great company
tremendous cash tremendous asset worth
very little unbelievable cash and
everybody said I took a deep breath to
my life and we came down there has to
have read the famous as many have turned
around to a country that had been
positive
then they said I will these talking
heads most of whom are not even some
people believe then they should love it
when they went to this but they say once
brilliant because he was too but what
happens is they said well that's
basically what you sign your life away I
will never sign because maybe he's not
as rich as everybody things they don't
know and then I didn't he said and if he
does he'll ask for many many delays
you're entitled to 45 days delay is
alleging child head of schedule and what
happened
they couldn't believe it was much much
much better than anybody ever
and the range
envisions a great casual integrate
assassins Doral
tower building big chunk of the Bank of
America building in San Francisco 1296
land or land on the pataki land along
great piece of property and grade right
to the best location and what happens
then they say people who never thought I
was and I told us to the other night it
really hurt my wife said today you know
if you run you don't you
well before because nobody believes you
can before she said the only way you're
going to get a baltimore is nobody even
though they say nobody believes you I
said early numbers are these guys who
have not taken so we go down the St you
know what I did you know what the press
down there looked like he was so I have
never seen anything like the entire a
dream of Trump Towers packed with press
and I just said let's turn it went down
and I talked about lots of things
including illegal immigrations and
illegal immigration was such a big head
I'm not brought it up to me and i dont
okie I just nobody is ever taken heat
rush limbaugh
the most incredible incoming human being
into her and it's it and then he double
down as I was right and now illegal
the killing of change and you have the
killing of Jameel and the killing
recently in california they thought was
sexy Sakura think about 66 your own
banner raised sodomized and killed but
it's a huge trouble and they take up a
lot of other so all of a sudden wow and
that the tolls to undergo a truck almost
like from day one
and the reason is the reason I tell you
certain things and the reason I talked
about you know what I've done and lots
of good things I will nice getting city
couldn't get it built eight years they
were in there for like 20 million dust
they couldn't get it done I went to the
mayor of New York and you don't like it
because you don't want to be shown up at
a cost more than two million I got it
builds more peanuts got a job for months
and we got ice skating in Central Park
very point out in the process and we
haven't been under construction for
anywhere between 20 and 30 years they
couldn't get it done I got it done in a
year is operating at their success and
that's what that's what we need
country building on pennsylvania avenue
an incredible hotel one of the great
Hotels of the World and the old post
office they could I got it in the Obama
administration everybody was getting
everybody wanted one of the most
sought-after projects in the history of
the GSA general services and i got to do
magic in me getting it from the Obama
because the GSA who are really
professionals who want to make sure
number 12 got to build strong financials
and they also wanted a great plan so we
came up with the kids we came up with
this incredible job is under budget and
ahead of schedule it was gonna end up in
seventeen sometime during the year
seventeen now it's going to open up
probably in September of 16 right before
the election
mindset of the great businessmen and
others at Indore see we have trillions
and trillions of dollars ocean leaving
the United States in the old days
somebody when you leave door frankly
South Carolina that lead to your crib
with the taxes are lower deadly for
North Carolina deadly today they leave
this country for other countries so many
of our great companies we have two and a
half trillion dollars for sure at lease
and everybody should come home
the democrats republicans 843 years they
can make a deal because this gridlock
does the leadership in washington we
will make his country so we have
somebody said something to me the other
day and what I really wanted to do
what we want to do what I want to do my
job
work for any of these
any of these that I leave
going around and the things that I see
more than anything else is how far the
people are they don't believe us people
in the back that right with 4 I'm
telling you they don't believe that
people are really sorry what's given me
more than any other single are the
people that the incredible people in
this country we're going to make America
great again and you know her

every night you know last night we were
in Baton Rouge we broke the record held
for many years by Elton John my friend
elton john
12,000 for a five thousand outside
tonight we have my guest much more than
that we have thousands of people outside
russia has happened
niggas the record right there
I just want to thank everybody you know
what is this is a movement this is just
a normal situation and I wish the press
which other state but they don't do that
you know that
people
they never ever do it last night we set
a record and one of the reporters
actually called and apologized because
they refused to write the real number
and actually called it appalling I won't
say who because actually the person is
not a bad person looking to people I
meet you believe this
one of the biggest crowds
people started lining up seven hours ago
see what they don't know is there may be
the best I can see they may be the best
in December Wednesday
way but they don't know maybe the best
location but these people who are going
to be famous
your smile and have a good time
me personally it was up to me now you
waited what 78 hours it was up to me it
was up to me I think I might rather be
there wanna be famous
racism and thank you
and it turned out that the financial
jobs at Bank of America and I putted it
when I talk about it it's a little
embarrassing but it's so good almost a
hundred pages long
ahead of schedule even these politicians
have like one page and their 45 days
later I put it in and said I said you've
got it do it on time on time and under
budget right like the state
and we put it in and they went back to
look at the number this media back this
is crazy
because they wanted very little debt
tremendous cash flow rate company and
I'm not pregnant I'm saying that kind of
thinking our country needs
because we are in serious serious
trouble and you know I say it alot our
country doesn't win anymore and I have
another way of saying I have another way
out we don't use all the time but it
doesn't sound as good
our country doesn't win anymore we don't
win we win with the military I system of
the military
because Harris 22 veterans commit
suicide in one day and you believe who I
think that's possible I said you mean a
week you mean a month a year they can't
get treated they can't get service they
wait for four five six days in a waiting
room can you imagine you go to a doctor
doctors I'm streaming
can you imagine you wait in a waiting
room for four five six days and at the
end of that you don't even get service a
lot of times they leaving that going on
vacation
we're going to take care of our best are
great people willing to take care
she came out last week the cover of time
and incredible story written by somebody
who's a real writer a really talented
person in the media
you don't say that often these this
person and you know it's amazing I never
struck should do better and maybe I
should never speak to these people it
was the best and it talked about this
phenomenon and it really is no matter
where we go this is packed thousands and
thousands of people outside we have
screens set up from outside we have
thousands of people outside you'd rather
be here right
and Virage she was barrages by thousands
of people and they were angry because
she was making it sound like anger is a
bit and angry angry because we're run
incompetently by incompetent people
35,000 people we have crowded schedule
data beyond belief in new hampshire we
were sending every record no matter
where we go we said this is a record
tonight you can see it
because I feel the same
you know a friend of mine is a very
powerful businessmen and used people
like this by the way with Mexico and
China and Japan we have people that a
political acts he said to me how the
hell did you do that you watch the other
night on television we had a place it
was amazing to watch one of the most
successful people he said that's nothing
look at all the cameras back there two
hundred and thirty reporters two hundred
and thirty Press he said how do you do
it I said you know there was such an
issue I swear this is true there is so
much love in the room it's easy
there is nobody else has
between 230 and they go in and the
bullets going in one direction and if a
few people and I say sometimes I look at
the audience that guy right there that
right
that beautiful woman right here but if
we had guns strapped right onto the way
believe me if we had a gun strapped onto
the bullet going in the opposite way too
different story however the military
base a year ago we had five so great gun
free zone right
done job nobody better with guns and
weapons and this man won all the awards
the other foot rachel is wacko shoot
guns of four hundred yards away
gun free zone you know when you say the
sick baby we get rid of my gun free zone
problems because actually we have
$21.21 how much
number one place
and I say
the United States is the largest
purchase drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs
but that doesn't have the right people
so they have the region because without
that and then you have
with the evangelicals in the United
find out you know yesterday we always
talk about china and the president of
china our trading partner a wonderful
partner they take if they can't be the F
35 play the fighter right you know about
that did you hear about that you can't
tell the difference you look at it the
company plans and they did I guarantee
you write down the most complicated
mathematical solutions all done
hundred-percent stolen off our web and
day and that's right hilary
but every time I go after what I don't
understand when you see the night and
then how could you do that how many
why what is going on and why and then
you look at the bottom you can possibly
do that i mean that's like 24 hours a
day
who can do that many 22,000 that's like
one little match so I don't know hilary
is gonna get a chance to win by the way
I'm beating her in the polls
I'd love to run against wright also love
to run against the communists I never
thought
today in our country when you think
about it when a communist
the real numbers come out she's really I
watched them I say you mean we have this
great country we have this so i watch i
watch this great country and if that the
best we can do that's pretty sad when
you think of it
so we love
so I would around hundreds of acres
right in the middle of miami right near
the airport we had a big Darrell
tournament championship and it's great
nobody else has
jobs with dead with related and a lot of
places in my life going to know about it
a lot of money I love this state I love
this day but but I've created tremendous
numbers of jobs down so drought market
was bad that's when you like to buy
right when the markets bit so I go in
and we signed a contract everybody
wanted everybody we go ahead and I
signed a consistent way the country
should help i'm saying because this is
the way the country should be run so I
go in and was very competitive everybody
wanted to but I was the first one they
had to sell it as a lot of problems and
I bought it and I signed contract I
signed contract for a hundred and
seventy million dollars for 170 which is
very cheap but it had to be redone you
know in the meantime you see what we did
I spent a lot of money minute incredible
the best so and a lot of people who work
in a lot of good people a lot of
Hispanics are working there
and by the way by the way by the way
today I just settled with Univision
but a lot of this work for me I've been
through a house in 2000 and a lot and we
have a lot but the route so I signed
contract 472 right now I go in for a run
into an interview with now I'll do it
ready to sign a contract and then I say
no this just remember what we have to do
with China Mexico where everyone's
moving it to Mexico I just heard carrier
Air conditioners moving in the business
is moving in
United everybody by the way how quiet
house you know he's my friend but he's
really a pain to keep quiet quiet quiet
he's not a protester but Mancini
so they're all moving into mexico y by
drought 170 we haven't closed yet and I
said to my daughter Ivanka has anybody
heard of it
and I go through it was gonna make it
but it's really bad so I go back and I
need all these guys from the Wharton
School from Harvard and i said im not
gonna pay 170 I'm not doing too much
money if I didn't promise that I
wouldn't use bad language I would have
used much stronger like it would have
been more interesting than the places in
lousy condition I don't like it I'm not
pay tribute to frighten me they said no
way I'll give you a hundred they said no
way
hundred should know what to watch for me
it's fun it's again for John Kerry its
work its labors
is that the saddest
but for me it's just a fun whether I
paid for a good price you got at the
right time so I said if we go in we meet
these geniuses I say you got to cut the
price it's not what you told us I did it
it's fiction it's a terrible terrible
shape you got it the way they should
know what will make somebody else to
break it they should in no way no way
we're gonna do it within about three
minutes haitian how much would you take
I said I'll give you a hundred and ten
they should we can do that we can get
away after about four minutes we agreed
to take twenty million off I paid 200
for four minutes work as a twenty
million dollars
right now we have now you take $100
dollars and it took forever
two days later I'm elected president
they would have been out
we don't mean for us for our people
getting those hostages back to say no
when you leave within a couple of days
Palace hundred and fifty what does
hostages landed about two seconds later
tell us how you doing a hundred and
fifty billion sorry we don't have the
money we owe 19
we don't have the money
let's go two hundred and by the way this
is in like maybe a hundred percent 100%
but we have people that don't know what
they're doing like John Curry our
secretary of state
we have
that don't know what the Persians a
great negotiators ok negotiated you look
at what they did he never once we did
every single point we have a 24 day
inspection they have with a self-respect
can you imagine a nuclear deal and we
don't know what we call up with a
complaint and they said will call you
back tomorrow we will inspect the area
they call you back tomorrow and they say
the president everything's fine now you
know the supreme leader we won't use the
term supreme leader ok he says we've
just spoken to the supreme leader
probably because they want to kill you
China two thousand years ago they didn't
have caterpillar tractor by the way
13,000 miles it's a massive wall it does
work you know the world's work asked
israel's walls were believe how about
Europe some of the countries in Europe
that weren't suckers to what happened
with the migration like Merkel of
Germany when she did to Germany and they
want to build walls around their own
countries down because much going on in
Europe nobody knows where these people
from and we all have a big heart I have
a big heart you bill to allow millions
of people to fill because their leaders
are stupid leaders and you have to see
the crime in Germany now the crime in
Sweden so what happened with the
beginning to rebound
doesn't have the people
the press
illegal immigration and nobody from the
media by the way but they have to leave
he said
the president
not gonna happen
we're going down fast
trash
and it's not gonna happen in the world
and we have some
three years we can't do it any longer
well we're not gonna be the stupid
people anymore something happening
we have we have you don't really mean
we're gonna build a wall to do
absolutely 100%
build a wall gonna be real wall
right now we have loved you say they
build ramps I don't know what they just
don't not go over the wall that bill
ramps over the wall up and it probably
is a severe penalty for not getting
they've been no we don't give severe
penalties right now
a severe penalty you know we have great
Border Patrol I was in laredo texas and
I was asked I was the guest of the
border patrol they called and they said
would love to see you
great people and they want to protect
and they can do it but they're told to
stand back let people come through it is
so are within Obama signs executive
order let everyone we've lost control if
we don't have a broader we don't have a
country folks have a country so these
guys nice guys some of them and they
said he was gonna build it would simply
you know fifteen years ago they wanted
to build a wall they could build it
because they couldn't get the
environmental impact statement approved
can you believe
they have they have also want two things
they couldn't get it environment can you
believe this I've been saying the oil
right over I've been saying for years
and now finally it took Paris and who is
the first one to bomb the French can you
believe that won the French the French
but I've been saying for years and what
happens they don't do it one of the
reasons because the environment through
can you believe why do you think General
George Patton would general douglas
macarthur are great modern day general
what do you think they would tell you
right now
yeah I'm the only one I said don't go
into Iraq I'm the most militaristic
person in this room except for that guy
right day probably be on the
militaristic person in this room
believe me we're going to build on
military so big so we are going to be
nobody's gonna play with us nobody's
gonna miss
best-equipped I think I make it a
struggle would never gonna have to use
it I actually think we can do it but
right I think it's the cheapest thing we
can do
we have to check what he said at least
four like many years but I actually
think he's a are prepared and this is
what we need with all these maniacs
coming in when we want to take people
from the migration line we have no idea
who that we have absolutely no idea they
have no paperwork there is absolutely no
way we can never tell and I'll tell you
folks would not take it on and if we do
take him from somebody else was sending
back that we have no choice we have
and we have to
like they used to be done and the people
of our country they're incredible people
and they really love the country
and 100%
how could you get them because the cost
of the law is peanuts I haven't even
figured out the cost the cost of the law
is peanuts absolute peanuts compared to
the kind of money that mexico is making
off the United States and that's not
including all of the drugs that are
flowing right
that's not a
so these guys will never ever asked out
if you talk about that Mexico has
lobbyists believe it or not everybody
has a lobbyist every person that deals
with the united states have lobbyists
and special interest so when they come
to me they should lift layoff Mexico
little bit you know they can't do that
because nobody gave me money and I
wouldn't do it and I'm working for one
group of people and that's this group of
people
the head of his finance committee is a
friend of mine is putting Johnson he's
from Johnson and Johnson Woody Johnson
Johnson and Johnson has a hard time with
the jet Johnson is a good guy he's the
head of his finest so then you wonder
why is it that the politicians don't put
out drugs to competitive bidding and
then he wouldn't Johnson died when he
was governor we have what kind of cities
do we haven't welcome is right we have
sanctuary cities in Florida while he was
right after he left Florida went down I
would see a Florida went to hell and
this is what we have but in doing so
when you have what do you know you have
other woody Johnson's feeding other
people in other industries taking care
of all these people so when they go up
and then they say 200
some twenty-five years but i dont wanna
we need the cover of Time magazine
that story was something special now
we've all wasted a lot of time we've
always had a lot of energy in my case
i've wasted a lot of money if this
doesn't happen I don't care about the
money but the energy is incredible I
think we have a really good chance you
know when we won new hampshire
when we won new hampshire there were
questions like talked about the Muslim
we have a tremendous problem and I said
we have to study it we have to see that
has to be a bit nobody's gonna say that
we have problems folks we have a problem
we gotta find out radical Islamic
terrorism we have a president won't even
use the term you can't solve a problem
if you're afraid of it you can't solve a
problem if you're not even mentioned
we're gonna make our country so strong
gonna win again and again we're gonna
win but he's like have to do you have to
go out and vote for wasting our time the
movie
so I wanted you people I've been all
over and what I said to my friend is
true I love you people get out and we're
gonna make America great again we're
gonna win we're gonna bring our country
back and we're all gonna be proud once
again
thank you

PC board member Abby friedman good
afternoon and welcome to the RJC
presidential presidential candidates for
him my name is Abby Friedman and I'm a
national board member of the RJC from
Las Vegas Nevada as you know your dishes
a great language it expresses feeling
and character to Yiddish words that
don't often appear in the same sins
nevertheless seemed to capture the
unique nature of the leading candidate
for the republican presidential
nomination donald Trump is a mensch with
foot spa I'm at donald Trump thirty
years ago through my work as an attorney
in the Atlantic City gaming industry so
I know that while Hotspur gets the
headlines he is also a mention at heart
I saw this personally when three key
senior executives of Trump's gaming
companies tragically died in a
helicopter crash in 1989 donald Trump
stood with a completely devastated
community with extraordinary compassion
generosity and bold character behind the
headlines earning the title of mensch as
for huts both really
donald trump candidacy is built on
Hotspur on a fearless ability and
tenacity to tell it like he sees it even
if some people don't want to hear it
especially when people don't want to
hear it among the presidential
republican candidate Donald Trump may
also be the most closely connected to
the Jewish people
his daughter and his two grandchildren
are jewish I guess theoretically it
makes him he is also a vocal supporter
of Israel and its great leader
by minister
though he has raised his voice often and
loudly in support of Israel safety and
security for that we are extremely
grateful donald Trump says it has to be
said to whomever needs to hear it right
now
America needs to hear it because
america's in trouble and it's going to
take a whole lot of foot spa to make it
great again and so it is my honor to
introduce the front runter frontrunner
for the republican presidential
nomination a captain of industry
investor author public personality and
candid
of the United States amends with a lot
of ladies and gentlemen Donald Trump
you just like me because my daughter
happens to be Jewish right she has a
great husband Jared and I'll tell you if
I could not be happier and she's very
proud the only bad news I can't get her
on Saturday I call and call I can't I
can't speak to my daughter anymore and
Saturday so but that's okay it's an
honor to be with you and you have
devoted so much time of my life to
israel and the other politicians they
can talk but believe me they haven't
done what I've done I've received many
many awards I was the grand marshal was
the grand marshal of the Israeli Day
Parade at a very dangerous time when
people said don't do it don't do it I
walked up fifth avenue i'm looking up
for lots of trouble but I said no way
that I'm not going to do it and it was a
rough time as you know is 2004 and it
was a tremendously successful bread
maybe the most successful parade that
they ever had a different position than
the other candidates because I'm the one
candidate I don't want any of your money
I want to support but I don't want your
money I'm self funding my campaign it's
been an amazing experience for me
because I have very little money
invested so frightened by this time but
have about thirty million dollars in ads
and have done all I took a small radio
commercial the other day and Iowa but I
we have virtually no money invested in
EADS or advertising and I think you as
business people will feel pretty good
about this and respected and at first I
was embarrassed by the said well you
know I think we're gonna have to spend
money just to spend money but it's not
really like a good thing to do because I
am interest place by a lot not even
close every single poll every single
state the numbers just came in three
minutes ago in new hampshire the pee pee
people trumpet 27 the next one is 1310
985 and the rest are off the board they
have to drop out pretty soon I get most
important favorability now I still like
them the top number most but
favorability is now 5239 which is good
good and I beat Hillary in the Fox
polish you see very easily 46 241 that's
ultimately the most important and you
know i've been a tremendous fan and i've
been a tremendous contributor I've given
a lot of money recently to hide Saleh
$100,000 emergency response they do a
fantastic they do a fantastic job and my
father fred was always a big supporter
so I i grew up in that environment where
I grew up in Brooklyn Queens and Israel
was always very paramount in our mind in
fact I've been sometimes criticized as I
receive so many awards from Jewish
groups and they look at my wall to load
it up and but now the Christians are
catching up I have to tell you why
Christians alike in me a lot lately and
they've been great so Obama is the worst
thing that's ever happened to israel and
and when I see great friends of mine who
are very very pro-israel very i mean
they love it with passion and having
fundraiser so what are you doing and
it's almost like they don't know he
comes to we don't know I say is a
disaster I really believe the RND look
I'm gonna go she liked you folks would
negotiate is we don't build gas stations
in the middle of as you know Afghanistan
443 million in legend is a small gas
station 43 million dollars and then they
used the wrong kind of terminal because
they don't sell that type of gas ok 43
million bucks for gas station how many
think they could have done it for less
would you raise your hands place but I
look at Obama I look at that deal we
gave to a red hundred and fifty billion
dollars they don't need to develop
nuclear weapons taken by him they can
buy amidst room why do they have to
develop them they can buy a Wii game
hundred
fifty billion dollars they go out and in
terms of you know surveillance they have
the right to self and spec tell about
that on the major the most dangerous
they can self inspect
themself inspect and then you have of
course 224 days but the 24 days world
good with contracts don't start until
such-and-such happens it could be
forever before you have a go in to
inspect and we don't even get up
and now they want to start a negotiation
to get the prisoners back and they won
nineteen people for our three they don't
want to give us up for you know a four
but they only want to talk three now
that should have been negotiated right
at the beginning three years ago and
maybe better than anyone in some of the
people in this room understand what I'm
saying it should have been you walk in
by the way did you ever see a
negotiation take so long and we conceded
on every single anything we didn't win
anything but that should have been with
our prisoners
day one whatever it is years ago we have
to get our prisoners back you don't want
them we need him it'll make us look
better
those everybody's gonna like us more
with the american public any deal we
strike it's gonna look good and we have
to get our prisoners back day one they
gonna say no we're not giving and we're
gonna say bye bye bye callers when
you're ready and then we go out and
double up a triple up to sanctions I
guarantee you within 48 hours they're
calling begging us to come back to the
table and you have your prisons it's so
easy now that president you saw that and
John Kerry who is probably the worst
negotiator I've ever seen
have ever seen he did not read the art
of the deal folks I can tell you now
he's one of the few as one of the
biggest-selling of all time the business
because he didn't read it and Obama
definitely dinero Bhama but they said
this is hard to believe but this is what
they say lot of press back there so I
have to say everything exactly correct
because I don't they end up with it they
said we didn't want to complicate the
negotiations by asking for the presence
is really complicated we want to present
his back
so complicated they said they didn't
want to go so now we're gonna end up
making a new deal probably at some point
I can you this I just tell you this i
win
before I take office I guarantee those
prisoners gonna be back they gonna be
back to get it back now our president
doesn't want to use the term we had
another event which probably was the one
yesterday probably was related it always
happens but probably was when I heard
about it I think it maybe not but it
turns out probably was related radical
Islamic terrorism and I'll tell you what
we have a president that refuses to use
the term he refuses to say it there's
something going on with him that we
don't know about
as concerned with what he wants she
shouldn't be allowed to run what she did
is criminal with the emails she
shouldn't be allowed she's going to have
to follow his line because she's on a
threat in real life
his attorney general has us' attorney
his attorney general to his attorney
general can listen to him in my opinion
I think it's very dishonest what's going
on with our government General Petraeus
was given a life changing sentence other
people have been sent to jail
Petraeus was essentially look we don't
want to get into it with the pool guy
but he won't say nothing compared to
what she did for nothing
45 percent of what she did and Obama I
mean she can't go against him that he
had ever so when you see hillary backing
up virtually everything he says and he's
got control of her I mean it's just
total control but I'll tell you what she
shouldn't be allowed to run what she did
was a criminal act and remember this is
a six you have a six-year statute of
limitations so she's fighting for life
if she doesn't go to become president
you could have a real problem doesn't
make any sense does that make sense
anymore because what she did was just OK
and you know she's been involved in
corruption her own life whether it's
whitewater I meet her home life is
corruption she was a horrible she was a
horrible Secretary of State she did a
horrible job other than travel a lot
traveled a lot nothing ever got that the
whole the world blew up around her
it blew up 500 to 600 calls and emails
and everything from our ambassador
asking for help and she didn't respond
the truth is she doesn't have the
strength of the energy she responded to
a friends used you know the friends were
talking about some of those trends are
sort of an interesting
sort of an interesting trend going on
there but she responded you get them
but she responded to a friend but she
doesn't respond she doesn't respond to
an ambassador did says can help hundreds
hundreds of requests and she doesn't
remember this I go every night and I
mean yesterday I was in manassas
virginia an unbelievable crowd the other
day I was in Florida we had twelve
thousand people in Sarasota at twelve
o'clock in the afternoon with the
football games going on
12,000 people the Convention Center held
five thousand so we had thousands
outside I made a speech outside made two
speeches avenue to give me a larger
Convention Center 2nd 21 speech by
people said no that's the biggest one we
set a record a big record we set a
record everywhere in one of the centers
we beat the record of Elton John Sir
Elton John I'm I'm no longer competing
with politicians I'm competing with
musical talent one of the great musician
said you get the largest crowds of any
single human being on earth without a
guitar meaning who doesn't count on
music so it's true we've had we've had
tremendous response we've had incredible
response and I think you know if you
look at what's going on and I think
based on the response based on the polls
again I don't want your money therefore
you're probably not going to support me
good stupidly you want to give money
money even though he's better than all
these guys even though he's gonna do
more for israel than anybody else even
though bibi netanyahu asked me to do a
commercial for me I did anyone happy
about that
and they said I was only celebrity I
don't know this but they said I'm the
only celeb that are not not a celebrity
now politician I'm so embarrassed by
that term you know my whole life I've
been a businessman up in a developer I
been somebody I've employed tens of
thousands of people over my lifetime I
have unbelievable statements an
unbelievable company a lot of people
said he'll never filed this you'll never
run because he'll never won a file
various papers and then he'll never
filed this and then you have to sign
your life away the first paper we all
know that first paper you sign your life
when he did it then they say well he'll
never sign his financials because who
knows maybe is not as rich as people
think I found my financials almost a
hundred pages the biggest ever filed by
the federal elections and it is much
bigger much stronger look at these
numbers and what they don't know if I
didn't run I probably would have filed
anyway because you know I built a great
company and I like to brag about it
whenever possible true some of the
greatest assets Doral you know Doral and
and Turnberry in Scotland and Trump
Tower at many buildings in manhattan
just many build Bank of America building
in San Francisco with a great partner
and so many other buildings and things
and it's just so much bigger and so and
the reason I bring that up his cause
that's the kind of thinking we need and
I don't bring it up his braggadocio
because that's the kind of thinking we
need in this country to bring us back we
have people that don't know the first
thing about the word negotiation i can't
take anybody in this office
believed me and they're better than
Obama and they're better than carry and
they're better than 22 foolish people
people it's so embarrassing when you see
what happens
sergeant Bergdahl alright sergeant Brett
till we get a trader
they get five of the greatest killers
that they've wanted for nine years you
know the deal was 541 and they knew he
was a traitor before we made the deal
you know about sergeant he just said it
six people were killed trying to get
them back they were looking for a
general and a colonel
deserted he was a traitor and we still
made the deal so we get a trader we can
get back to you want to renegotiate some
of us renegotiate yes I would say about
99.9 is there anybody that doesn't
renegotiate deals in this room this room
negotiator I want to read this perhaps
more than any room I've ever spoken to
maybe more so far been called in there
but the fact is I want to renegotiate
that deal I want to drop him right smack
in the middle of worry came from the
hell were they can happen even if we
don't get the five guys back to that's
not gonna happen cuz you know where they
are right now there right now all in the
battlefield fighting US and trying to
kill us and killing anybody that gets
him so they get their five guys that
they wanted for nine years they've won
and we get a dirty rotten trader but
that's the way our way up people
negotiate this stupid people
ok this stupid it's very severe it's
very scared so I just tell you that I'm
going to win
yeah I've been unless something happens
you know
across the street the wrong thing
happens but I think whatever great
secret service here is nice when your
number one they give you a secret
service I never saw so many talented
people great people but I believe I'm
going to win I really great feeling
about it and you know my life has been
about winning have one in my life has
been about winning and that's what I
want to do for the country and people
say about my company in deals and you
can do this deal that had no interest
the other day if she's doing so great
dad we can buy this wonderful office
building
it's amazing see now I'm dealing in
trillions I never heard a trillions
before you know with this we r 19
trillion dollars we just signed a budget
that so bad and the republicans you know
what we know that we know if the
democrats are coming from but these
republican politicians they go to
Washington and didn't and Obamacare
which I'm doing by the way I'm ending up
terminating its gonna be repealed and
replaced with something much better but
they go to washington and they gonna do
and they're gonna do budgets like I
heard the guy before Melvin work on the
budget is all about that what happened
is they gotta do budget agreement to do
this and that and I tell the story then
they will contain the Capitol building
which is magnificent and they look up
look at those columns look at the
ceiling look at the Angels look at these
magnificent never seen anything like it
we've arrived credible and then they
become inch they lose all of their
courage I want to use a nice words
otherwise I get reported wrestling they
lose they lose all of their courage and
they've let us down that won't happen
with me so again you're not gonna
support me even though you know I'm the
best thing that could ever happen to
israel and I i I'll be there at the rear
don't want your money
I want to give money I think I have a
damn good judge and I think I get more
money than anybody else you know the
money I have turned down this is not in
my life turning down money guys wanna
give me made against I would have made
poor Jeb Bush me this poor guy with his
low energy it's sad but what's it came
up with a terrible became so defining
its like having it on his forehead I am
lower 90 is 625 million dollars which
means she's control totally totally
control by the people the game the month
that's why you don't want to give me
money ok but that's ok you want to
control your own politician that's fine
good but I will think about that folks
that don't worry about five months ago I
was with you
who is better than me who is better than
me I gave $350,000 to the Republican
Governors Association everything got a
letter of thank you
350,000 I didn't receive one letter not
one letter from one governor stupid the
good thing is I don't give anyone
anymore you don't get a thank you letter
politicians remember this politicians
forget politicians generally aren't
competent and the one thing they are
good at is getting elected and that's
what you gonna do but I would love you
support but I don't want your money and
I appreciated now let's take some
questions ok
a little bit different than how you
gonna work out into your speech the
hotel you are building right next door
to this property ladder I'm I did you
disappointed you cost me $10 I'm
building a tremendous actually give me
actually but I'm gonna go there right
after this I have to go through you know
you have to watch to make sure the
contractors aren't stealing and ripping
you off and everything else so but just
show you how important this fall is and
how important the country is the man how
important it is to me I don't mention my
projects very important to me anymore
what's really important to me is the
united states and make any great again
my theme is make America great again I
mean it's taken off like crazy the
hottest it's going crazy but it happens
to be a great you know some of these
guys tried to copy it but I had a
trademark smart couple of them got up
now they see why I was making a speech
and everybody stood up make America
great again this study can be but nobody
stood up for them but we sent him a
little notice don't use it can you
imagine I got the approval but I we are
we're building a great hotel down the
road I hope you all say and it's going
to be wonderful come out let's go
yesterday you gave some interviews he
made a speech in manassas talking about
an upcoming trip to you gonna make this
right he also talked about how you
wanted to raise some questions regarding
when talking about the
israeli-palestinian issue you raised
questions about Israel's commitment to
peace my love for you to do you say to
have to make some tough sacrifices so to
that group to this group here those
tough sacrifices that mean return to the
67 borders dividing jerusalem exactly so
I was interviewed yesterday by a whole
group of reporters have maybe and if
they did a very good job fairs and one
of the questions was about Israel
and the palestinians what what's going
to happen I said I use that as an
example of some deals that it may be the
hardest ever in history to make of any
gift until we think of any type we all
have to feel you know we have some good
results and how we use damn good man
good man very nice AsiaSat everybody in
this audience but but I said people
gonna have to make sacrifices one with
my belief I believe that I can put both
sides together but I said it'll take six
months at the end of six months and
maybe sooner you know we have a deal
instinct a lot of us and you walk into a
room you can tell almost like in two
seconds whether or not whether or not I
will know very quickly whether or not
I'll be able to put a deal together I
used that in this interview as an
example of perhaps the hardest deal in
history to put together the strongly no
tougher deal if I can do that it would
make me so happy because there's so much
violence so much debt so much and just
been going on for so many years now I
said you have to have a commitment I
don't know that israel has the
commitment to make it and I don't know
that the other side is the commitment to
make it with that being said you know
have a good chance of winning because
you look at what's going on and to have
a good chance I don't like to as a deal
maker give away a lot of cards by
talking about how I feel about this is
that I'd rather save it for that moment
when you walk into the room I don't want
one side or the other saying look I
think people know where I stand
ok but it wouldn't it be great if they
could make it but a lasting till a real
deal not a phony deal that's going to
last a week and then bad things are
happening again I'd love to and I will
give you know about his as you know he
said it won't happen during weight
meaning he gave up in this before even
started but I think it would be a great
thing for israel I think it would be a
great thing actually for both sides if a
real deal could be made and I'm gonna
give it my best I'm a great deal maker
that's what I do I made a lot of money
I'm gonna give it my best
it would be great if that deal could be
made let me go one point US President
Bush wrote a letter to Prime Minister
Sharon in which he basically said you s
position wasn't gonna be two forces will
back to 67 borders
the Obama administration has given a lot
and a lot of people don't know that I
think the public relations for is your
hasn't been so great
israel's given a lot but hasn't been
given a lot of credit for what they give
I don't know if you agree with
unthinkable and lot of turmoil caused it
but I'd like to go in with a clean slate
and just say let's go everybody's even
we love everybody can do something but I
do think this and I do think right from
the beginning and that one of the
reasons I'm saying it now even though
perhaps it comes back to haunt me later
on it has to be said that Israel has
given I don't know whether or not they
want to go that final step up to them
but israel has not been given the credit
they deserve what they've done I was
really trying to pin you down on
jerusalem is the undivided capital
position you support you know what I
want to do I want to wait till I meet
with BB and I'm leaving for israel in a
very short period of time I know I know
what you saying I just wanted to just
you're not gonna be on Tuesday wiseguy
than we have ever just relax ok Jung you
like me very much believe me ok then you
wonder why you get yourself in trouble
alright you like me very much it's gonna
be fine but again you can't go in with
that if you can make a deal and you can
make a great deal with the attitude we
gonna shove it that you gotta go get it
and do it and do it nicely everyone's
happy very happy
ok don't worry about
obviously you know you've been an
outspoken defender Prime Minister
Netanyahu said you made a TV commercial
a very good man I think he's been
treated very badly I think that our
president has been unbelievably rude to
BB I don't know how many people like me
but I think he's talked about deals
after the fact which is a shame I think
the iran deal is the worst single thing
perhaps has been I've been pretty good
at predicting things I think it's gonna
go down as the worst single thing that's
ever happened to Israel I think it's a
catastrophe for it and I think the fact
that Obama was willing to make that deal
anybody that loves Israel to support
this guy or even the Democratic Party is
is impossible to believe I think there
will be one of the great catastrophe but
if I get in it's gonna be straighten out
tough and it's gonna be straighten out
fast the one bad thing is if I get in
the one hundred and fifty billion that
hurts me and that hurts the people in
this room but the hundred and fifty
billion dollars because it'll be gone
before you get there you know we're
talking about a year and more actually
although the election very quick you
know it's coming up it's now less than a
year and you know we have the the Iowa
starts on February 1st right down the
line and it's very exciting we're
talking about a couple of months now for
it to start to actually very fair person
like me and it's very exciting so the
other guys have a great relationship
with prime minister netanyahu which the
other arab leaders use or know where can
you see yourself working with you think
you have a positive working relationship
I haven't been working too much with the
arab leaders to be honest ok I made
commercials BB I don't know if that's
going to help me in the negotiation I
can tell you
trying to keep it nice and level right
then I get people screaming at me but
I'm trying to keep it is level as
possible but for the most part don't
know the king of jordan is it seems like
a nice man I don't know a lot of people
like him some people don't but I think I
will probably be able to what my history
is you know I took some heat because I
get along with democrats I get along
with liberals I get along with
conservatives I get along with
republicans argue that's what I was a
business person I get along with
everybody we have to get along with
everybody and I took it wouldn't be easy
to get along with everybody democrats
republicans on even run people for the
most part and if they do they're gonna
get you know they're 5% to get a very
small percentage of the vote can get
along with everybody I think that's
going to be a tremendous asset because
right now we have gridlock in Washington
we have people that they don't talk you
know I remember years ago cause I have
been a very political person always on
the other side but always great
political but years ago the republicans
and the democrats like each other they
get along that have dinner together
disagree and what have you know
different views on things but in the
evening that go out and have dinner
together with their families
you don't see that there's total hatred
and his total gridlock I'll give you one
point which i think is important
corporate inversions right she had
companies leaving the United States and
they'll even better taxes and better a
lot of things but they leaving how good
as Pfizer thousands and thousands of
jobs are gonna be lost but they're also
leaving because we have two and a half
trillion dollars at least I think it's a
much higher number than two and a half
trillion dollars that's out of the
country that these companies can't get
back because of bureaucracy and horrible
horrible agreements but because the
taxes are too hot there so onerous that
nobody in this room would agree to pay
that much money to get your money up so
they leave it over there and actually
take the company and they move the
company to the money because that's how
much money the republicans and the
democrats
totally agree that the money should come
back for three years they can get a deal
there's no leadership this is an example
of something which everybody agrees
all the people that you see up here they
all agree but they can't get it done
because their politicians they're all
talk and no action so there's something
undersold port it's not like something
with a don't get angry like his big
disputes and we understand that this is
something everybody agrees the money
should pour into this country and we
should use that money and all things
taxes paid but they agree and they can't
get it done because of gridlock and
incompetent leadership
hillary clinton's your friend of Israel
you know honestly I don't think anybody
can say she says but now she says all of
a sudden you thought because she's going
very very far over to the other side i
mean Bernie Sanders has brought her two
positions that she didn't want to be it
you look at some of the things she
saying right now but I'll tell you
whether she isn't she doesn't have the
strength of the energy tail and I said
it but just take a look should come out
into an event that you don't see another
four days three days
true we don't need doesn't have his
usual needs more than just a support
they need strength they need real power
behind as you know you look at these
countries all over there is just one
thing and I think you'll all admitted
these people are fighting really dirty
but they fight a lot better than we used
to think right we still think it was
easy
fifteen years ago with my friends from
israel has used to smiling
fighters and in that they're not the GV
hey Obama said that the jayvee tonight
the jayvee folks we need tough we need
General George Patton we need general
macarthur we don't need two guys we have
I seen on television generous saying
well I she's very tough I don't know I
don't need to do you think General
George Patton they don't like him
because he was a foul mouth vicious
horrible brilliant guy so he would never
make it probably would have been thrown
out years ago but we need we need a
genius and we have those people we have
those people will find that person but
with enough the crap out of them I'll
tell you what within a win with a win at
a time but last question frank and water
as you see it the greatest challenges
facing the United States Russia China
radical Islam I think radicalism right
now is actually about to go again we
have a president refuses to use the term
but radical Islam is a tell you one
thing I know isn't is global warming
that's the one thing that's one thing I
know is I mean we have a guy that just
the other day said that they want to
blow up with this is right after Paris
they want to blow our cities they wanted
to destroy our civilization and he's
worried about global warming which a lot
of people think is a hoax by the way I
won so many environmental awards
shockingly know it's true
and you know I do what I want really
immaculate air I want clean crystal
water I want a lot of things a lot of
things but global warming you noticed a
change in a global warming climate
change they go now it sort of I like a
lot of extreme weather how can you miss
with extreme weather it's cold it's ok
if it's hot it's ok if it's windy inside
of you have to everything so now they
use extreme weather it is a disgrace
what's going on and to have this man
embarrass us by standing up and saying
that global warming is our biggest
threat we got to get him out so fast and
thank goodness we only have a year left
my time and thank you thank you thank
you thank you thank you
thank you everybody thank you thank you
so much

thank you very much
going now everybody wants to bring it
back it's the same everybody loves each
other I'll tell you we left so many
places and we go we go to new hampshire
we go iowa go south carolina we go to
virginia we go no matter where we go
Dallas no matter where we go it's the
same thing is so much love in the room
it's easy to do this it really is it
easy to do
it's amazing I want to thank Herman Cain
my friend for his wonderful remarks he's
really a good guy
999 right now
999 wherever it is thank you I mean and
you know we had a meeting today that was
amazing we had the african-american
pastors so many came up to trump tower
it was like one of the most inspiring
meetings it was an unbelievable the love
they have for the people that they
represent and people generally was
incredible and I just want to tell you
they left Trump Tower identify mediately
got on the plane and i felt very
inspired it was a really terrific day
show and bruises here where expressed
without wearing a brace bridge get over
here bruce you know bridge so you know
Bruce Bruce
Bruce
all right now get them out if you never
know when you ride with this guy I was
in New York and I went up there guys on
a serious note to just defend a lot of
things that you've been seeing in the
news that we're totally false
donald Trump is not a racist guys
probably never met him I met him several
times actually wrote back on his plane
got to help plan the plane with my
beautiful wife Sharon over here and we
had a big meeting up at the Trump
headquarters and we had over hundreds of
pastors that showed up that look like me
and leaders across the country to
denounce this rumor this accusation
against this fine man it's all
guys when I want the first thing when I
walked up to his office I looked around
and it was so culturally diverse it was
amazing
most of the women were in charge they
have the higher positions in his
organization does John know that on a
serious note I won't talk because it's
about Donald Trump I just wanna let you
know that you know I am wholeheartedly
thankful to be a part of this campaign
and helped him and I hope you guys help
him I know there's a lot of
establishment guys I was part of the
establishment nice to be a chairman and
when a GOP chair so we all know me but
I'm here to tell you it's not about
anything else except you guys the people
and I just want to let you know that
donald Trump is here for everyone hears
every voice and he's our guy
we met with many many pastors and it was
just great so as you can see the people
are still pouring out now we could we
could get all of these people coming in
right now if you'd like to wait for 45
minutes before we saw you want to do
that
I had a feeling you were going to say
that I had a feeling it's been going
amazingly well you do have the
mainstream you have been hearing about
mainstream media all my life
I've been hearing about it and it's true
I mean they don't give you accurate
really representation it's an amazing
things they don't do it they don't do it
unites constantly talk about the cameras
in every show the crowds they never
showed that grabs my wife is always
disappointed you must not have had a
good crowd tonight but now after about
three or four times she understands they
never want to show the crowd they never
want to fan the cameras it's an
incredible think can you do it maybe
once the cameras and camera
I should be happy is focused on my face
they never move it nobody knows what's
going on because you really don't they
don't want it sounds crazy they don't
want to show the kind of response we're
getting so we had twelve thousand people
we had twelve thousand and Sarasota
Florida on Saturday in an afternoon
during football games 12,000 biggest
crowd ever they'd ever had a crowd even
close the arena health six we had six
outside 6 inside I made two speeches and
nobody knew that they don't talk about
his sister is what's important is what
we're living in every single category
winning every single poll
just came out we're beating hillary
clinton even head-to-head by a lot
a lot but she does and that's not a nice
thing to say is we can't afford to be so
nice folks we don't have the option to
know for a while we had a captain's we
could mess enough we don't have the
options we've gotta get it right she
doesn't have the strength or the stamina
to be president she just does she does I
know you have another shogun and one of
these things and she'll do something and
it's by the way the crowds are like the
crowds are like 200 people we were in
new hampshire actually a part of
massachusetts where half 48% you know
why I think so
if Tom Brady likes you you're in pretty
good shape and messages but we have 48
percent in the poll and messages and
we're landing and hilary is nearby and
she's going past and we are all of the
police in Massachusetts give us a
motorcade you never saw anything like it
was like 50 motorcyclists roasting
credit I actually said why do I have to
be president no president ever had a
motorcade like we just got and Hillary
we had 3,500 people and right next door
meaning 10 miles up the road hillary had
about 200 people it was true and that's
the way it is this just came out I don't
know the other networks to keep their
thinking but I might as well
CNBC and she had a pretty lousy John
Harwood was a real stiff wasn't anyone
what a joke he was it was so nice to me
for three four weeks all yes respects
from Paul Beeston
look so forward we look so forward to
having you and any right reads this
question such a nasty cry tennis it what
a nasty question right now they're just
a bunch of phony ppl but when it comes
to this all say it's good because I only
it's good news so good news tonight
funny alright so this was even so it
should staying home and it says you're
the front-runner 75% republicans told
basically you see the charts and that of
truck runs more people are going out to
vote in the elections
it says no matter had no glasses on but
these are mounted I didn't want to put
the glasses on does it make sense to put
him on
no no don't do it don't do it okay I'm
gonna do without no matter what party
affiliation you consider truck brings
them out this is CNBC Republicans
Democrats and independents are all most
likely to show up if Trump is on the
ballot in our analysis we assume
constant whereas the democrats
nominating hillary which is gonna happen
unfortunately or fortunately I'd
actually rather run against her she has
done such a lousy job you know
you know I don't like it is going to be
the greatest job that she has ever done
will be getting out of the email scandal
assuming that happens that will be her
greatest achievement you see all the
classifieds today did thousands of that
many 3,000 here five thousand how do you
have that many emails anyway but they
have thousands of classified this
disgusting frankly she should be allowed
to run she shouldn't but the democrats
are protecting her she's being fully
protected as the expression goes at and
by the way we can't tell anyone you know
every time I did and tell jokes these
guys put on like you know little sick
like the belt right the belt you know
what I'm talking about Carson how it
doesn't work that way if you hit and I
wanted to like a whole big thing
ciampi possible the belt requested some
virtual dislike for three minutes and I
pull over to the side and a start
showing
and I sought showing it they never show
anything just at two or three second
clip and playing with my belt and people
don't know what the hell you doing it's
unbelievable and then I i talked about
the other day I talked about a reporter
who changed his story he changes to it
and I go into this highly exaggerated
phase of changing the search didn't say
what you will about all they do is they
show these little snippet they do
whatever they can to make it official
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna tell him
what you folks I'm not going to kid
are you ok so I well
just know it's my opponents do
commercials with the two second snippet
these are really dishonest people like
this guy cases he did a commercial total
stiff and beating a man I'm beating him
in Ohio by a lot and he's the governor
of the people I was and I said that he
had a certain problem right we have to
go into it
ok I well know I said he had a certain
pathological problem now he wrote it I
didn't write it and he said he suffers
from pathological disease ok serious
problem that we have enough problems in
this world and I said essentially the
people of Iowa can't be that stupid and
then I said that people of the united
stage something to the effect that
another attempt to them but everybody
how can you vote for somebody with a
problem like that I'm not even talking
about going after the mother with a
hammer I'm not talking about hitting his
friend in the face with a lot and I'm
not talking about that total nonsense
about them into a stomach and the belt
safety ok
ok I'm not talking about those shoes i
said im not gonna mention them tonight
should just disregard track you tell you
before jewellery in the judge's please
disregard oh ok will do so so what
happens what happens is kasich
commercial but he only put up the first
part he doesn't put up the second about
all the people in the United States take
take little slip it sees a horrible
people
horrible people interesting Linda st.
Paul not that I care about patients I
think he's got one percent but it says
cases does the worst you know it's funny
when people come after me they've gone
down the tubes you look at cases each
now before that Jindal he was vicious
bobby Jindal Alfred E Newman I column he
was he was so vicious who's gonna have
to be a set I don't even know this guy
and then yet Perry the nation's guy from
Texas a problem one of the worst debate
performances in the history of debates I
was the debate performance you can never
ever lived down but all of a sudden he
became vicious he goes to Washington
make a major speech on me because it
wanted to pick up he goes to Lindsey
Graham I mean this cool guy
now the poor guy take it easy USA and
its South Carolina I was at 32 of 38 and
he was a true three and he's just
sitting senator how bad Florida Florida
in flood out I met 3228 very high
numbers and a governor bush I mean
honestly
so many commercials I can't watch it he
spent millions and millions of dollars
spent nothing I haven't done a
commercial I actually felt badly now I
actually felt badly I did a radio
commercial a small one because the
pressure is killing me why do you do
more commercials whyyy said I don't need
it but we gotta do a commercial so we
did actually pretty good radio
commercial gonna be doing a lot of
commercials actually I think I think
actually we're gonna be doing most of
the commercials that have somebody hits
me I'm gonna hit them back show heart
which is what we should be doing with
Isis and everybody else
these people that are pouring in the
back they don't know what they're
missing do they don't know so so so many
things but Lindsey Graham disaster Perry
disaster all like disasters think of
this as a friend of mine said you know
so far that's a christian hasn't hit me
yet he will he has to his no choice he
said he's gonna hit me at some point
rubios gotta hit be hey there's only one
way you get to the top of her talk
through Trump let's face it they have to
they have
I think he's been showing support
everything I said he supported every
single thing I said he's been so
supportive but its employees gonna have
to hit me right
gonna be a sad day but we will hit back
I promise I promise but you look at
what's going on and you look at the
world and you see what's happening and
we have to get this right we can put a
stiff we can't put a low-energy person
we can put people's home I've gotten to
know some of whom I respect some of whom
I really don't respect some of whom I
don't respect I look at some of the
people that are on the day as I never
debated before now in all fairness every
online poll drugs used terrific he's a
terrific guy by the way drudge but
dredges a big poll hundreds of thousands
of people died after the debate time
agassi I'm a just on the cover of Time
magazine believe me other than that I
have no power over time magazine time
magazine way they all do these poses
like five or six so we have the debates
every single debate and believe me
hundreds of thousands I am not telling
people to make phone calls all right and
online poll which i think are actually
better in many respects and when they
interview 300 people in the show you one
day I don't understand 300 people I do
understand 200,000 people but I don't
understand why the interview 297 point
three point three is the baby ok so I
never understood that but you know what
whatever it too I took that the Wharton
School of Finance I took that whole
thing and it never made sense to me but
I guess it works crews usually that
right or row
in the last number of Elections they've
been wrong I hope they're right right I
want to be right I gotta be right but
you look at these phones and in the
debates I want all the debates and I'm
saying to myself today CNN I'm coming
over and I told you I had this great
pastors meeting is great great meal took
the camera just 100 from CNN they know
me I love I love hitting damn well the
cameras are not level
I love so CNN gave me the story it was
like a meeting never even took place and
it was such a great it was like a love
fest and I said that's really unfair
stuff so maybe how would you like to do
this box for the first of eight
up with 24 to 28 million people one of
the largest in the history of cable may
be the largest in the history of cable
CNN at 23 million people it was the
biggest show in the history of CNN this
isn't me this is from
ok the biggest ratings in the history of
CNN biggest they cover wars that cover
the discover how about the next debate
is with CNN now you have to tell me
cause I know what they have to say
old trip is chicken ok how about I tell
CNN who doesn't treat me properly they
don't they just right
they really don't have a lot of respect
for some of the people over there but
they don't trip how about I tell CNN
that I'm not gonna do the next day I
tell you the problem you know we just
got this is a nice thing when you're
really smart like really really really
smart like I am
extemporaneously so I don't need
teleprompters ladies and gentlemen
ladies and gentlemen thank you very much
you know how easy that is you read for a
half hour and I talked for an hour and a
half and I don't have any of that stuff
but the nice thing is you can be very
current generating a speech and you have
to get speechwriters to change i mean i
i hear things on the airplane coming
over we can talk about it but how about
we do this was saying I won't do the
debate unless they pay me five million
dollars all of which money goes to the
wounded warriors or go to that
I would love to let me give you the bad
so what will happen is they'll settle
Trump is check and let them for of a man
according to every online poll I want
every one of them now when I turn on the
television and I listen to these you
know the talking heads who are not smart
people at all my education to better
than any of them I'm smarter than they
are many of the people know many of the
people in the room were smarter they are
but the talking heads I could name them
but actually a couple of her actually
starting to come around so I gotta be
careful I can't set of all the way back
again right but you got guys like karo
he spends hundreds of millions of
dollars in campaign she wins not say he
wants nothing there are some people that
are losers ok but how about if we do the
other losses and losses and and that's
the prob we can't have that we can't
have that with the republican party have
to get the right people and we have to
win that's why when I show you this is
Paul it's a foxhole would be hillary
that's what we have to have a number I
haven't even started on hillary yet
other than I do say no strength stamina
but with CNN so I say five million
dollars goes to the Wounded Warrior
warriors and the vet ok do it like that
we're winning by a lot I say we could do
a lot of people say they say it over
here
trips crowd was packed we haven't had a
new look at every Mark Cuban called up
you want to use my career at the Dallas
Mavericks I said what day is it Thursday
when can I use it Monday asset for days
how many seats twenty thousand seats we
felt it up like a day and a half and he
predicted that he knows there's a
feeling by the way there is a feeling
but here's the problem so we're leaving
in everything
the biggest crowds by sparks so much
bigger than Bernie said you know about
birdies and a crowd
may he rest in fish you know we had an
operation today I think it was a hernia
operation you know you know why
carrying around too much tax problems
says he's gonna tax you he's going to
track shoe but let's not even talk he
wants to double or triple everyone that
wants to bring you up to ninety percent
90%
and he wants to bring you because he
wants to take know what happened is
yellow in now has gone way out and she
wants to give everybody free everything
except for the people that pay taxes you
know somebody has to pay somebody else
so it's gotta be late but here's the
problem so we CNN I said no I'm not
doing it their ratings will go down
where they would be you know let's say
they would have had a million people
when they have maybe two million people
and they have 24 25 million people the
case of Fox 23 so they're expecting a
lot a bigger audience this number 52
advertising it all of what I do like
they finally used a beautiful picture of
me sometimes the pictures are so bad
they have my chin pull back so I look
like quadruple chins they picked the
worst but they picked a good picture of
so happy with them I actually wrote him
a letter saying thank you for the first
time in about to use but here's what
happens I want five million dollars they
were getting $4,000 for a 30 second ad
for the last thing they went from four
thousand dollars to approximately two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for
36 that's a lot of money and then if you
remember CNBC extended by one hour two
days before the United Nations extending
it will make it a fortune that would
totally sold out and who is the one that
said no way you're not gonna do it I did
not because I could stand up there
forever but I said you're not gonna do
it and everybody can be everybody this
is like to walk believe me we're gonna
build a wall mexico's good effect
to pay for the war so when I get this
receive NBC to make it three hours I
should number one I can send up here for
25 hours I can send up to date I don't
care who the hell wants to watch the
same questions over and over and over
again like for two-and-a-half three
hours so I said no way and I said when I
could do it no fairness Carson joined in
with me he said absolutely I'll go wrong
and they fold it in about two seconds
that's supposed to be the business
network they fall to quick quick they
folded so we're CNN historical say
chicken he's afraid to debate he's
afraid to debate than what I don't just
talk to Korean hope that all of my
people I said I'd love to watch this
story on the past it was so terrible it
was done by reporters sitting right back
there
away by the way she wasn't even there
she wasn't in Trump Tower that 20 out of
beautiful news conference with all these
pastors and was like we didn't do
anything I won't mention a name I don't
wanna make her more famous and she's not
very famous but but such such a such a
disgusting report so proud Robbinsdale
say that Trump is chicken now if you're
not bleeding and you going nowhere yet
nothing to lose but wouldn't it be
better I'm leading the polls I don't do
it I'd like you to write it gets out of
chicken which I'm not one thing I'm not
just checking every remember every
single I want every single pole in the
debates all four debates check it folks
you know I only said what should I say
anything that's even slightly off the
next headlines every single poll but if
I do this it could be he's playing too
cute and maybe I don't do well and maybe
my real polls which of the polls were
leading by so much maybe they go down so
should I tell CNN that I'm not doing the
debate because they treat me really
unfairly and shape but I will do it if
you give five million dollars to the
vets Wow
I know the people in this room good and
if they covered by her remarks good but
they don't want to just cover tiny bit
they won't mention what I just get so
they gave you like three seconds of this
if I do it I have a feeling I could face
repercussions in the polls should I do
if I don't I don't know if I want to
take the chance I don't know
you know it's a little like ok we are to
the right one of the great i love you so
much for that came up one to do the
offences show became a tremendous
tremendous hit and and by the way the
head of contest was a great guy steeper
came to my office just before announced
he wanted to renew for a lot of money
I'll pay whatever wanted to renew at I
succeed i think im gonna run I wasn't
sure until I got down the escalator with
my beautiful wife waving but she's
waving and I'm saying oh yeah yeah I
gotta do this the bottom of this massive
area was you couldn't even see any of
the marble because it was so many
cameras on it and I took a deep breath
and I went and I get it
and I and by the way and that speech we
announced illegal immigration we
announce the whole thing as it turned
out to be a very very big deal
a very very big deal right
very big so will the wall so so what
happens so what happens with the
apprentice we went on and didn't have an
option because everybody said while
trumpeting adobe is not a television so
they did a one-season deal without an
option very unusual didn't want to waste
the ink and critics said why would
anybody want to watch The Apprentice
with Donald Trump and then they said the
worst insult ever had this one critic a
total moron chet women will never let
you know what lets women watch a show it
can be successful as women make up a big
part of the audience said unless you
have big women and you just can't the
people on television know that and is
one guy said why would women ever wanna
watch donald Trump intelligence you
believe this is when it first came out
show a very insulting fact I said to my
wife and my that bad dialing am i that
bad and I should have been fine but the
show and it starts at number 10 Agosto
number eighty goes to number five anyway
many evenings the number one show and
tell became this phenomenon and so what
happened
check because they didn't have an option
so what happened is she came to me and I
read all about friends where they made
two million dollars an episode and it
will how many of them five or something
right
Jennifer Aniston all of them and they
had like a union but they made a lot of
money per episode I would not form that
union if I would Jennifer maybe I would
have asked for more but that's okay
she's a team player so what happens what
happens I should I know nothing my agent
told me don't do the apprentice in the
first place
not gonna work so I fired him I said you
know the show just went to number one
night fire at my age
so I'm stuck without a date but I we
thought about these ridiculous hours at
these television stars and I asked for a
tremendous celery should look I have the
hottest show on television you remember
that she's in one particular the final
episode I think was second after the
Superbowl had tremendous numbers of
people watching it and I said I don't do
this myself i dont this just two simple
and so yes for a crazy number and they
should know they turn me down and I said
man I just blew it and two days later
they called me back we'll give it to you
ok and I said why they paid me for you
saw the money I made on the apprentice a
defile and how much was it two hundred
and thirteen million dollars you believe
that nobody believes I don't believe it
I mean to be honest I had a file in the
file myself and everybody should run
maybe he's not as big as people think
and you know what's gonna happen and he
won't file well I thought and I was much
bigger and by the way I don't say that
bigger better stronger low debt
tremendous cash flow numbers that I
would ever believe even fifteen years
ago I just a great company
the reason I say that is it for ego it's
because this is the mentality this is
the thinking that we need for our
country to make us great
just to finish and then we're going to
get back onto that but just to finish I
said to the head of NBC why did you fold
as I love this as you know I love to
know why did people fold like a little
people that why did they followed so I
said why did you fall he said you know
we want and we started interviewing
other people but in the end we didn't
want to take a chance ok and it's the
same thing with us it's the same thing
with us we are going to do something so
strong and so bold but we can't take a
chance and picked the wrong president we
can't pick a woman who was totally
embroiled in scandal for her home life
whitewater don't think of it whitewater
whitewater was no different
everybody that study that they did a
book on it she should have been indicted
she should have been indicted
how bad was the the cattle futures the
cattle futures right where numbers went
up like she made a massive amount of
money in like one week and guys do this
professionally all their lives if that
the whole thing the whole thing is a
scandal the whole thing is corrupt it's
corrupt and it has been you look at the
foundation you look at everything it's
been so bad for so long we can't do that
we can get involved in that stuff
anymore and honestly it's true she'll
say hello to people she disappeared for
five days I don't disappear for five
days tomorrow I'm going someplace all
the time
the time I'm going we need tremendous
stamina we need tremendous strength and
this is women men you know what we need
strength training and we need smart just
a tough person cuz I know tough guys I
know it tough guy people and stuff is no
good tough is no good without the brain
power you need to brain you need the
brain but we need to toughness to we
need general patton we need general
I mean our armed services today are so
politically correct that a guy like
general patton who is a vicious rules
list horrendous human being who Christ
and it's still in people's faces who
cares he was great by the way his troops
his troops would go to hell for him his
troops would go to help mad dog his
troops would go to hell for him or we
need general douglas macarthur into
history of less one of the greatest
intellect and he was a totally different
type but he was a guy that only
understood winning that's what he
understood we don't need these guys that
I see on television all the time talking
about is very true I there sixty
thousand people we got him through
Harbor planning tolerable planning that
whole thing with iraq again gotta be
given points I said in 2003 2004 don't
go out and now I am by far and we have a
lot of that shy love you I love him
lot of that
we had a lot of action this room and
we're going to take care of our vet we
are going to really take care of our bed
you know we put in a plan recently we're
going to take care of it but we have to
have people that don't talk we don't
want talkers we want to ours we want
people that know what's happening I see
on television all these generals they're
talking about yes well what did we do
this I see a couple of weeks ago we all
go through send fifty men and then he
said why would a president I didn't say
I didn't say that God had said again but
louder Mary Radeva treated George are
you heard what I said well there's
something going on because some of these
decisions are hard to believe so he
announces that he's sending fifty
minutes and maybe someone I don't know
but he sending fifty people over a
fineness why would why would you say
that because now they're being hunted
now they've got target on their back now
the enemy knows it going over there why
would you say that they're being hunted
like like wild dogs they're being hunted
why would you say that you sending fifty
people and it's you know the address
they think it's not even good
psychologically cuz 50 is not the number
I mean you know fifty people so it's not
even get from that standpoint it's not
like we're sending a hundred thousand
people go fifty people that probably say
wow we're number one we're going to get
those fifty of with the enemy right
number one we're going to get there
50 and we're gonna make them look real
bad and number two just two people
ok if you gonna do it either do it or
don't do it but you have to either do it
or you don't do this strategy their
strategy is totally wrong so I write the
book 2000 the American Way deserves a
you saw that right did you see the book
does anybody have that book the american
wages in the year two thousand and I
talked about Osama bin Laden because he
was a terrorist with a big fat mouth and
he was going around saying the
destruction he's gonna do and I say I
said in the book two years before the
World Trade Center came down you better
do something about this guy Osama bin
Laden I said something nobody's gonna
crawl into Iraq and come back and a
couple of people actually called Osama
he did he came back to knock down the
World Trade Center with thousands and
thousands of lives and people still
dying and families still suffering
because they lost people this was the
worst attack this was worse to Pearl
Harbor caused at least that was an
attack on the military this was an
attack on innocent people working in an
office and having lunch up on top of the
world this was an attack on civilians
were stacking attack in the history of
the country and we could have done
something about it we could have done
something if we had two leaders if we
had smart people could have done
something about that Osama bin Laden was
out there i read about them in my book
he was out there you don't go out and
say we're sending fifty men his another
push a war should have been studying to
destabilize the home at least that's
what happened and I said it
2003 2004 reuters has a big article on
top
Trump says totally against the wall not
because I would be against but because
you have to know I'm gonna build a
military so strong so powerful so great
that will never have to use it whenever
gonna have to use it we don't want to
use we don't want to use it
in many ways in many ways the military
is and building it up is the cheapest
thing we can do because it's like the
tough guy you never really want to go
against a tough you know you get the
test we grow up and we all know what
we're talking about but the tough guy
well hopefully I'm distraught we have to
have cunning we have to have guile we
have to have a lot of different
qualities but we can't keep going with
these all talk no action politicians who
are paid off by the impact that paid off
by the packs they controlled like little
puppet state they're packed we can't
keep going like this we all 19 trillion
that's now going to be 21 trillion
dollars it's a number that appeared at a
number that you would have even thought
this is possible
China's ripping us on trade japan is
killing us on trade with China were
losing four hundred and fifty billion
dollars on an imbalance a year with
japan is seventy billion dollars a year
mexico story fight that's why I know
people say I told you before I said you
know why because then they can afford to
mexico all of the mexican people I
respect Mexico I respected leaders but
their leaders just so much smarter than
our leaders you send Mexico one extra
day there five soldiers out of the
country and yet they send everybody over
the data want people go through mexico
keep going
the dummies in the United States a
woman's pregnant she has a baby steps
over the border she has a baby it's an
American citizen we take care of the
baby for any time
no more and I attack that anchor babies
i attacked and I attacked its strength
and it turned out it was right I didn't
even know that at the time because
everybody said all of these dumbass
politicians said oh no Ono
they are they good one thing I'll tell
you what they're good at one thing
getting re-elected I mean I had to deal
with a guy like a siege discuss nothing
these people these are people that
should not be on this stage these are
people it's an embarrassment to have
some of them in the safe and some are
very good I'll be honest I'm not gonna
tell you who don't want you to vote for
me but there's something very good but
there is some Dutch if not beyond the
stage when you have a guy like pataki he
doesn't even register in certain areas
we have to register and he's gonna be
back on the stage of the republican
party and if somebody's not registered
let's say in Virginia or let's say in
South Carolina because they don't want
to pay the fee because they can't get
some signatures on a ballot and you
can't register because is now the time
limit so you don't have South Carolina
are you have been jigna you're not gonna
be on the debate stage with us but they
don't do anything about it they don't do
anything about it so we have to get
tougher we have to get smarter we have
to really run this country with love and
with heart and we have to take care of
people that are sick and we have to take
care of people that need help we have to
get better health care Obamacare is a
disaster
Obamacare is going to be repealed and
replaced with something so much better
so much I don't know I don't know if you
saw recently where premiums are going up
35 45 55 percent people can afford them
the coverage is horrible
the deductable just so high that unless
you're dead you can use it
ok you can use it as useless as usual
it's terrible and it was all a big lie
28 times you can have your doctor you
can have your plan you can have whatever
you want and frankly the democratic it
appeared that fresh because i dont have
you been reading the papers lately but
Obamacare's in big big trouble
potential trouble they have to be bailed
out big league by congress they could
have to be bailed out big big leak in
1701 Fletcher leaving have a new
president I'm going to these problems to
fix but I think some belief
but here's the problem the democrats at
least we know where they're coming from
these republicans we send them to
washington and I support him I give a
lot of money but we send them to
washington and they get down there and
they don't do the job that they can't
paint or they should women and Obamacare
right I don't know if you have any of
this area probably you do we get into
Obamacare within to do this we're going
to strengthen up here we're gonna take
care of our vets went to take care of us
they talk and they talk now they get
down to these gorgeous holes with a
beautiful marble columns and the angels
on the ceiling and look at this way we
finally hit the big time do we fight and
it comes to a vote on Obamacare
everybody raises I mean look at this
last budget this last budget was
approved so fast and we have to raise
two trillion dollars because of this
budget when you do the budget you
supposed to start the following morning
when negotiating because you're not have
enough time then they should close down
government everybody's afraid of closing
down the government and you know the
funny thing I want the art of the deal
the funny thing is that nobody's gonna
blame me blame for closing down the
government but Obama when people read
the history books not gonna say better
throws down nobody's gonna know Boehner
is gonna say during the Obama
administration the government closed
down he was a hard but president
they're gonna say he was a hot president
he didn't know what the hell he was
doing he was a tremendous divided
because he's the most divisive human
being I think I've ever seen and the one
thing a lot of us thought including me I
said you know what he's not going to be
good but you know he will unify perhaps
the country and he'll bring white and
african-american and everybody who bring
them all together and you know what that
turned out to be totally wrong it's
never been worse when I met today with
the african-american pastors never been
worse than it is today and likely if you
are african-american youth 51 to 55
percent unemployed I mean everything to
me it has been a horrible president has
been horrible to a point where people
that would never vote Republican come up
to my office and they want to really
talk turkey and it's hard for them to
always go democrat and it's hard for
them but they come up to my office
because they really want help so he's
been a great divider he's been an
incompetent president everything he
touches turns to you no wat
everything they give it we don't have
victories anymore right we don't have
the when's the last time we had a
victory we don't have victories anymore
I healthcare is no good it's a disaster
our trade with all of these countries is
no good
our borders are like says people are
just pouring in
we have sanctuary cities which by the
way will end very quickly ok when I made
a speech in Trump Tower that i'm gonna
run and I gave up a lot I gave up a lot
because what I gave up is far more than
any campaign is going to cause I'm
talking now in dollars I gave up a
tremendous amount including shows
everything but I gave up a lot you know
a politician a politician gives up
nothing they run they lose they win they
run again totally controlled by their
donors by special interests and by
lobbyists totally and there's a story
and I have to tell you
positions like and I've been saying it
for a long time I think we had either
nine or 11 super PACs formed for me jump
super PAC one of those the art of the
deal packed the art of the deal so
people give money get all these and a
lot of these people that form the super
PAC have no money maybe I'll give you a
good idea right you go former super PAC
keep all the money for yourself so i'm
saying to myself I would do when people
send to the art of the deal super they
probably think I'm running but we're not
supposed to run it I'm not running it
and I see these two young guys on
television and I see others and there
are talking about the ship nothing to do
with it we sent legal letters to close
your doors closed up I would have had
hundreds of millions of dollars if I
wanted to have a super PAC and if I
wanted to have other people fund my
campaign I don't want other people to
find my
I dot because nobody knows the game
better than me we take the small
contributions because I have to I mean I
have people sending me $21 $17 $28 $100
and you have to let those are people
that are in love with this country and
you have to take the ball like
contributions but these are people that
really want to invest in this country
the greatness of the country i try to
send the money back would cost more than
some of the checks to come in
you wouldn't even know and there's no
letter I can write to a woman who said
in $17.50 with a four page letter four
page letter so proud that she said this
month is no letter that I could write
when she's not insulted I have turned
down tens of millions of dollars and you
know most of those guys have gone to
other campaigns because they want to I
mean that like horse players in a
certain way but they also want taxes and
they want power and i said i dont wanna
take your money I'm not gonna take your
money so has our story was just on the
front page of the los angeles time times
a super PAC called American Legacy
raised six million dollars now this is i
guess its a Carson or carsick oriented
$6,000,000 only one hundred and forty
thousand dollars was left for the
campaign now but this is the same with
Roche maybe not as bad as the same with
Rubio it's the same with all of my guess
maybe a couple of them do it properly
but the consultants and the fundraisers
and all of these people they take the
money they're professionals they make
money better than being a real estate
broker to be honest with you I mean I'll
probably give a lot of people in the
audience an idea but it's better than
being a real estate broker so thick of
it
Jeb Bush Jeff he's he's another beauty
Jeb Bush yesterday said don't truck
tried to talk tough now cuz I said he's
got no energy I call them a low-energy
person so now he wants to be a tough guy
doesn't work you can't be tough enough
you know whether he should be himself if
he should help it do better
can't do any worse but jet version of
the day said Donald Trump doesn't have
the right tone to be present the tone
and I said to my who cares right so his
soda chopping off people's heads in the
Middle East they're drowning people in
cages were like living in medieval times
we can't wait to board they asked me the
other day just ahead and what are the
announces asked me the other day one of
the talking heads actually said what do
you think of waterboarding
well you wanna go a step further than
waterboarding cuz I'm ok with that too
everybody's heads every day you see
James Foley great parents I made a
contribution to the people and the
parents and I they did the Foley
foundation and i got to know them and
him and threw them and he's like he was
like this great person they do is the
first and I said it I think I suspect a
terrible mistake when they did that they
created this tremendous hatred what now
they're doing it all over the place and
we haven't done anything about it and we
have a president that doesn't even want
to mention islamic problems right now he
doesn't want to mention it he doesn't
want to say you know when you when you
think about it he doesn't want to use
the terms he doesn't wanna say what it
is and you can't cure a problem if
you're not gonna say what the problem is
you just can't kill
so we have a problem like probably there
hasn't been fighting a war like we've
never fought of course he's not saying
it's a worry that but it was fighting a
war with it blowing up airplanes where
they're doing things like what you just
saw Paris and other places and we have a
president that refuses to use proper
terminology and why that is nobody can
really tell me that one ok why that was
this audience is amazing I wish I wish
everybody I wish everybody can hear you
know when you think of the radical right
radical Muslim rather anything you want
to say but it's a problem and it's a
problem that has to be addressed whether
it's where Islamic extremists or not you
have to say what it is and that's what
it is that's why there is even a soccer
game recently you saw that the other day
without a soccer game ahead of a dead
one minute of silence for the people
that were just absolutely bludgeoned
absolutely what they did in Paris and
people yelling things from the audience
things that weren't supposed to happen
and the players were unbelievably
embarrassed that it was a great
embarrassment that you don't get a lot
of reporting on it but it was a most of
you have heard about it that was last
week so we need strength we need power
we need smarts we're gonna redo this
country we're gonna make it better than
it's ever been before I really believe
that I really believe I really
I really
the other day I read on the headline of
one of the newspapers the number of
migrants crossing the Rio Grande is
through the roof you know we've been
here not well it's not tremendous
increase the number of migrants crossing
the Rio Grande our country has no
borders if you don't have borders you
don't have a country I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry
provided at the base of Trump Tower New
York if I didn't talk about illegal
immigration I don't even think you'd be
talking about it right now you had cake
in San Francisco you had jim muir this
young incredible guy there was gonna go
to the football player a good student
his father I've gotten to know him and
an unbelievable man and his son was shot
and killed walking home with us in which
his father from the deli he was going to
go on a scholarship to one of the great
colleges maybe Stamford on a football
scholarship the apple of the fathers and
he called up his father and he said papi
called them I'll be home in a couple of
minutes I'm right outside I've got your
sandwich and then a minute later Jameel
senior heard three or four gunshots rang
out and he knew he knew this was a guy
that walked up to his son held a gun to
his head and pulled the trigger right
through the head and when the boy went
down he went like this and he shot him
again and blew his hands off and illegal
immigrant they came over the same thing
in Los Angeles a few weeks ago a woman
66 year old veteran raped sodomized and
killed by an illegal we've gotta get our
country back from we've got to get in
and by the way
either way these three instances there
are thousands and thousands and
thousands it's it's horrible at the
border patrol I was over there not long
ago the rate of Texas and the border
patrol these are great people and their
sit down stand down they can't do the
job they're not allowed to do this and
people are pouring into the country and
now we have Syrians that look awfully
strong now can't do it and you know what
I'm all for abroad for building safe
zones in Syria which and I have
employees from legally here by the way
all have I been tested I have these guys
going to reporters everyplace have I
been tested but I have maybe somebody
sticks and believe me you'll find it if
they do but I have from all over but you
know it's funny they come from countries
that you wouldn't think much you would
never think that you'd want to go there
big ambition is to make money here and
go back to their country they want to go
back to the country and I understand
that I understand that they want to go
home you want to be back with their
mothers and fathers and their soil and
their plants even if the plant is not
the kind of plant that you like they
want to go home to the country and I
understand that and the fact is if you
build
shapes Jones and Boyd you have plenty of
land over there but if you build safe
zones and you gotta get the Gulf states
as an example Saudi Arabia
billion today now that was a couple of
months ago when I was a half a billion
dollars a day so much money they don't
know what to do
wonderful people that treat me nicely by
my apartment I love them
ok but you know what the money is
enormous we don't have money we've got
to get them to put up money we defend
that we defend Germany we defend Japan
we defend his career there right next to
the maniac escapism mania we have 28,000
soldiers we defended give us like
nothing if you wanna buy a television LG
Samsung shop they have come thousands
and thousands of television's in the
last year for different projects right
can you believe I'm running part-time
like running part-time I'm doing well
for part-timers right by the way talking
about so wouldn't it be nice I've spent
less money in my campaign than anybody
else and I'm in first place every one
that be nice
if the country could do the same thing
example officials said you know I have
to spend more money it doesn't look that
good I haven't done that and then
somebody said to me you know what really
is great but nobody but I ever heard of
Charles openly he owned the Oakland A's
right he had the lowest payroll in
baseball and he won the World Series
three times in a row he had a young lady
jacks the young catfish hunter and
George tavern it was one of my best
friends and a great guy but he used to
just by his players all the time and
George tell me this guy's a genius he
had the lowest payroll in baseball and
he won the World Series three times and
it's all his players for fortune and
replace it with guys are just as good of
our country could run like the people in
this room following us to remember what
I've been saying attacked the oil right
I've been saying that now for four years
but I say I say tactical and then keep
these guys attack it but they don't want
to keep it consistent so for years I've
been saying attack attack the world of
ice attack
and they all said that would be
ridiculous Obama actually had one of his
general say well that wouldn't be a good
military I said wait a minute I'm making
much of their money from oil to make it
a lot from banking and who knows better
about attacking banks and I do I'm one
of the all-time lows of history
ok getting attacked the bank's money is
pouring in from illegally money is
pouring in and the banks will stop it
because I know how I know the games
these politicians don't know anything
but I've been saying attacked you
attacked that doesn't make sense that's
not a good strategy I actually heard the
other day that attack into a bad idea
because it's environmentally not
sensitive can you believe
smoke and a lot of do it for
environmental reasons can you believe
the incredible and competence ok
adventure that that is a serious
consideration as to why that in a tactic
just to show you how its stupid our
leaders and these people want to kill
all of us so i been sayin attack vol
well after Paris and right at powers
finally and it was france can you
believe it would strengthen the attack
which I'm happy about what they finally
started attacking the UL and only one
person back there said you know that was
trumps idea long time ago he's been
saying it every time I every chance I
got what I said one other thing I should
attack going recapture get ExxonMobil
get a couple of these great companies
will rebuild the infrastructure dole
about the infrastructure these companies
are amazing
half of you probably work they're
amazing companies they will rebuild it
so fast to build a new and nice will
ensure that will make a fortune and will
give a percentage of that money to the
families of the soldiers of Iraq and
other places
that worked and chilled badly wounded
will give a percentage in that money to
the Wounded Warriors I will take care of
people but these guys don't want to do
you know in the old days to the victim
you know your military man I could see
it stands up straight great guy but I
can see it to the victim along the
spoils right we don't do it we don't do
that we can involve a lot of places when
wind and we live and how got it just
about 250 but how about this one when he
get the exact date when we're pulling ok
how bout that it must be some kind of a
game I thought maybe he's playing the
game that he didn't mean it because he
doesn't mean it'll get them by surprise
see our country needs the world
unpredictable we're totally predictable
he announces 250 he announced next week
will be bombing of certain city in the
meantime it turns out to be hell on
wheels because it's so prepared because
whatever he says sent out to be right
gets it could be leading up so what
happens is that Obama comes out and he
should we leaving Iraq so what happens
and believe me I want to be killed you
know you read all about to go and they
don't wanna be killed
so they put that how stupid is he he's
told us when he's leaving but we have to
fight for their leaving soon so they
pull back and we think we're doing great
and by the way I came because we had no
control over the people that took over
iraq they wouldn't let I should have
their fair share a year and what
happened as I just became more issues by
far than them and more vicious that
saddam hussein by the way who didn't
have weapons of mass destruction so what
happened so what happens is we have a
president that told them the exact day
that were pulling out now you tell me
how stupid is that
and now they have and now they have a
war going on where they don't know what
they're doing they're fighting Syria but
serious fighting I should and they're
fighting together so we're fighting and
we're also saying wow I can't believe it
the United States who's fighting us is
killing our worst enemy houses we love
the United States and shot down the side
at russia and because we gave a hundred
and fifty billion dollars we don't get
our prisoners window got up to go into
it may be the worst deal ever made
everything I've ever seen of any kind so
now we're hiding around potentially
fighting reischauer were fighting I said
I was fighting serious serious we don't
know what the hell with their word we
have stupid people you can't fight and
got a picture
you got a picky guy and I tell you I
pick a shot as a bad guy we're backing
the rebels just like we did you know
their place
ok we're back in the rebels to go in now
the rebels are ices and some people
think the rebels are far worse so we're
back in the rebels look what happened in
Libya look what happened in iraq we
don't that people and we get more
equipment and one-shots dried up in the
air and all our equipment is in the
hands of the enemy this stuff is going
to happen if every single ball that
could happen
every single policy number one by far
and leadership not saying leader on the
I'm just telling you I'll be a great
leader but every single call you know
somebody would win that's why he was a
leader if it's somebody for the Packers
lost all the time he would have been a
leader ok telecheck he's a great guy but
the only way you can be a winner you
can't be a loser and be a leader you
can't doesn't work because you may get
away with it for a little while but
eventually people say we we keep losing
we want somebody is going to win I win I
win I know how to win
just like now we're driving the
republican establishment craze
and the reason they're going crazy is
because they want to have their puppets
and I'm not a puppet and one for you
know which moved to Mexico when they
call me I'm gonna do what's right for
you I'm not gonna do what's right for me
cause I don't care and I'm not gonna do
it right because they were fund-raises
and they gave me a lot of money and when
the best go or just moved its big plant
to mexico want something to show for all
that good stuff
ok and when the fundraisers and the
lobbyists and the special addressing me
about nabisco I'm gonna do what's right
for you so really in a nutshell it's
been great being with you tonight it's
like this all over its like the
enthusiasm of the incredible everything
it's it's like this all over we have an
amazing country of people that really
want to see us great again the
expression make America great again I
mean they really want to see it
we have to get out and vote
don't believe all this stuff i think im
gonna win the Hispanic vote and I
frankly don't think it matters
you know the fact is that if the
republicans got up and voted last time
you would have had a different president
of you know Romney let us down he let us
down and he didn't energize the base
people were saying I don't care I mean
if you don't care between Obama and
Romney that's not doing a good job we've
gotta get out we've gotta be energy if
you have a broken leg a broken back and
broken neck you have to get up and you
have to vote you've gotta go out and and
I'll tell you this and I say there's
even more strongly now than ever before
I've gotten to know so many people on
the trail our country is made up of
believable people and spirit our country
with proper leadership and I'll give you
really proper we're gonna have fun we're
going to have victories we're gonna win
we're gonna win so much we're going to
do things were going to be with you to
take care of our people that needed
which Republicans aren't ever get credit
for and we didn't do that we have to do
that otherwise I wouldn't even run for
office we're gonna have a big beautiful
heart but we're going to make this
country not only great again we're gonna
make our country greater than it's ever
been before and we can do it thank you
thank you I love you
I love you thank you very much thank you

thank you all over this happens if it's
ok I'd like to have a moment of silence
for the victims of the Paris attacks
please
what's going on and when you look at
what happened in that case reported one
from Syria president wants to take in
two hundred and fifty thousand from
Syria
think of a two hundred and fifty
thousand people and we all have hard and
we all want people taking care of it all
of that with the problems our country
has to take in two hundred and fifty
thousand people some of whom are going
to have problems big problems is just
insane we have to be insane terrible and
when you look at Paris you know the
toughest gun laws in the world
Paris nobody had guns but the bad guys
nobody nobody had guns and there are you
shooting them one by one and then they
broke in and had a big shootout and
ultimately killed the terrorists and
I'll tell you what you can say what you
want but if they had guns if our people
had guns if they were allowed to carry
it would have been a much much different
situation I hear it all the time you
look at certain cities that have the
highest violence the highest highest
problem with guns and shootings and
killings Chicago as an example toughest
gun laws in the United States nothing
but problems so our country but he gets
part because we're not smart great now
and I don't know if you noticed but for
two years I've been saying bomb the oil
fields because that's the source of
their well that's the source of their
well for two years we've been saying it
bombed the oil fields and it's such a
disgrace so yesterday they started
everyone showed us a terrible thing that
Trump said he's so hard I always say Jeb
Bush would say my tone might own it's
unbelievable the other day I made a
speech that people in iowa they loved
the speech they loved it and I talked
about the deficiencies of some of the
candidates and the newspaper said it was
ranting raving I don't read that he was
so horrible in terms of what he said
about a day said the truth I didn't say
anything in one case I said what that
particular person wrote about himself
true and they said he was so harsh it
was a terrible thing is I said what he
wrote about himself it's incredible how
dishonest the presses it's incredible
absolutely and I wanted to know whether
to be talking about the wall because
we're gonna build a wall is going to be
a big wall
I was gonna look beautiful someday
they'll probably end up naming it the
Trump wallets gotta look beautiful come
through the openings and they'll come in
and they're gonna come in legally entire
country and that's what we want people
that are here illegally are going to
have to go and you know what
someday they'll come back and they'll
come back through the legal process and
that's what we all want and I just want
to bring something very very special
people on stage but i just want to say
that when I announced that I was going
to run for president
I made some statements that were very
strong but very true I talked about
illegal immigration and I took a lot of
heat that first two weeks and then
people found out I was right and I will
tell you it's become a very big subject
in this country it's costing us two
hundred and fifty billion dollars a year
nobody knows that nobody talks about
that will talk about china will talk
about trade will talk about a lot of
things later but it's going to guess at
least two hundred and fifty billion
dollars a year
tremendous problems tremendous crime
tremendous crime and nobody disputes
when I said if they also known as
terrible tremendous growth and you know
what
and we're gonna have a country we're
gonna have a car
and we want
you not to do and these people are
walking
is standing down there holding their
weapons holding everything they're
amazing men and women stand down people
walk right into the country and you know
in other countries you can't do that by
the way in Mexico and I i love Mexicans
great place to have strong leadership
smart leaders damn smart people if you
want to become a citizen of Mexico it's
the hardest country in the world just
about to become a citizen but over here
come on in we're a bunch of dopes come
on come on come on you know the whole
thing about the anchor babies yeah she's
pregnant walks into the United States
has the baby we take care of the baby
for the next 85 so not gonna happen and
I was right about it
Fourteenth Amendment doesn't say that
you will have a baby the baby to sustain
and they said all you did a whole new
constitutional amendment would take
years and years it could never be cut
you don't need that you know that I
turned out to be right
the great legal scholars have said he's
so you don't need but before we go
further I I just met these people
backstage and they've been very nice to
me because I've been very nice to them
because I've been saying what's been
going on and there are many others that
I've met this is a few the Remembrance
project where people's loved ones were
killed by illegal immigrants people that
we have violently killed one of the men
I became sort of a friend of his Jameel
he had a son young football player good
who is black to Stanford quarterback
great kid never had a problem in his
life
a great young man and he went to the
deli and he came back home and he was
violently shot in the head
many times and his father heard the
shots outside where the saddest
is that he told the story was talking to
my boy and my boy said I'll be home in
five minutes bob
sandwich from the deli and he's walking
home and the father Jamiel Shaw the
father heard shots right outside and it
was a guy shooting his son in the head
and then his son laying on the ground is
like this and he shot him through the
hand with 45 which is obliterated his
hands everything killed instantly and
the father lay down to the sidewalk
couldn't believe what happened
couldn't believe it said this could nap
and he's just a great guy and he's not
here today but other people are and I
just like to bring them the Remembrance
project these are amazing people coming
up States folks
we can't have this anymore we just
like this where it's being run like the
way it's being so cute boy thank you
mister dropped my name is Laura
Wilkinson Josh was a team he was asked
for a ride home by someone we gonna let
it was illegal he beat him in the head
of the closet rod who strangled him let
him go
trying to let him go he kicked him in
the stomach so hard that it's wise to
spleen into in Africa father murdered
him tied him up like an animal grooming
of buildings on fire
it's something you don't want to live
through the list goes on and on
thank you mister truck for bringing it
out in the media's finally picked up on
it happened everything all day every day
I wanna so just one thing don't forget
Brandon Mendoza Dominic Durden Andrew
Rosenberg they're not here today but
then there's a long list of names thank
you
hi Gerry Ruiz and my husband and I this
is our daughter Felicia he was murdered
money and 99 he was ambushed beaten her
throat was cut and she was dead over 39
times and we had been 16 years trying to
get her fugitive he's hiding in
Venezuela we know that much and they
refused to let us have him they know
he's wanted for murder United States we
just hope that someday the youths
marshals will be able to bring him out
Marshall Cameron will to the martial
artists case and if you know we just
want justice for daughters so I'm a
little nervous but we need the link
someone like mister truck for president
so in Venezuela get going to do just
fine with Venezuela if I win if I win we
will get him out fast
from the police catch him we did have a
trial but serving two years probation
my name is Dan Jovic on the father of
Spencer go show my son 25 years old
January 31st this year he was sitting at
a red light in the neighborhood that I
grew up in an illegal alien from Mexico
that it been deported four times a day
rap she included felonies assaults and
burglaries and had been in our federal
prison system for five and a half years
ago that two red light randomly pick my
son out his brains out
shot for more people this is a result of
politically correct they will they will
they they have no problem
sacrificing your loved one your child
for the advancement of their own little
agenda but they they they will PC into
the ground and I think mr. Trump
standing up and saying things that need
to be said that no one else the same
you don't see that you don't read about
in the papers about it you don't see it
it's just unbelievable and I see it all
the time wherever I go because I'm the
only one that talks about it it's like
deficit soared to watch it's devastating
and you can imagine for no reason and
there's so many more I mean I have met
so many families friends with some of
them and you just say how could it
happen
the sanctuary city stuff is just
unbelievable unbelievable it's
unbelievable that we can allow it to
happen in this country is unbelievable
you look at San Francisco with Kate same
thing shot in the back and five times
they threw this guy out of mexico my
opinion they threw a matter of Mexico
City Mexico they say hey the us- doesn't
know what it's doing will send him over
there so the fifth so the fifth it well
or do something very strong term in this
case because you know case law case
loads a good thing they can't even get
it passed they probably won't get it
passed and it's it's a tough thing I see
so much of it I see so much of it
because wherever I go I i wana meet the
people and devastated their lives are
ruined hopefully not but you see it it's
it's a very it would be easy to say oh
it's going to be fine what time it's
done one of the parents said to me was
ten years and one of the parents had to
beat worse now than it was 10 years ago
so you know the time thing that we all
say we always like to say I don't think
it really works but it's something that
we're going to do something about that
if I win believe me we're gonna do
something about it we're going to do
something
all right let's talk about a little more
pleasant situation because we have so
much negative news you know I wrote the
new book right
crippled America and I picked the worst
possible picture myself it was terrible
but what are you gonna zaid scribbled
America and it is we have a president he
just came out yourself what he'd said he
made a little saving I want to say it
exactly as he said it because you know
what I have such a good memory and only
that but he said we have I saw given
notice yet he says ISIL I've always said
I say I like it I don't know what else
is isolate think he does that too maybe
who knows maybe he's one of the few I
say I since everyone seems to say I says
he says I sold but he said we have ISIL
contained now this was yesterday a few
hours before the attack where you had
plenty of americans involved in that too
in terms of the big involved on the
injuries and worse than that but we have
I self-contained we have leadership that
doesn't know what they're doing folks we
have leadership that doesn't know what
they're doing and we have to change we
have to go back we have to go back to
where we used to be years ago when we
were strong and powerful and people
respected as said
and when you had a sergeant Bergdahl
who's a trader he was shot for being a
traitor he's gonna get nothing and we
trade sergeant Bergdahl 45 of the
biggest killers that they want right now
back on the battlefields the back on the
battlefields we have to go back you have
to go back in time a little bit you know
some people tell you going in the wrong
direction and what are the folks mention
the words politically correct it's true
it's true you know that in terms of
remembrance fund when I was with a group
of about two months ago when they heard
that one of their sons were shot and
killed instantaneously the police who I
love the police have the greatest with
the police so much empower their powers
been taken away and that's why you have
the problems and so many of the inner
cities and so many that the but they can
stop it but their powers been so take it
away their day jobs are afraid they
can't even talk to people anymore
can even talk to people but I was with
them and they said to me everybody was
so great they were helping me helping me
helping me and when they found out it
was an illegal immigrant everything
stuff didn't want to get involved in
solving the crime once they found out
who it was and they couldn't do this day
they can't get people involved in other
words it's different if you shot
somebody review shots of the go ahead I
mean they give you that stuff but they
found out it was an illegal immigrants
in the mid and I i dented research and
it's so tough the system is so tough and
so against law enforcement that when
they find out
situations like the people that just
came up when they find out about it they
don't pursue that like they would a
regular situation with an American
citizen doing the shooting or doing the
killing and nobody knows why I think I
know why I think probably because the
process is so horrendous that they can't
maybe they're afraid to get involved
because they want to keep their jobs who
knows but it's it's very very said
so we're doing really well
amazingly well the Reuters poll
yesterday came out you saw that I was
great rugby 34%
greg carson had 19 percent Rubio had
nine percent and crews at seven percent
he's been very nice to me by the way he
has there in florida Trump 37% how good
is that they get that Rubio 16% is the
sitting senators are made 37 easier to
extend its pretty good that's pretty
good that one just came out here is what
you like the best Trump is leading in
Texas that's what you know what I also
like in one of the national polls best
in foreign policy they have me down and
foreign policies best ok so I wrote a
book the american wages and in the book
it was it came out in 2000 I talked
about a terrorist named Osama bin Laden
now this is before the World Trade
Center came down by a couple of Use
Somebody said like eighteen months but I
talked about Osama bin Laden in the book
and one of the big moderators on one of
the morning shows heard about this book
what was agreed in 2003 truck was
talking about a Selma bin Laden 2010 was
before the World Trade Center came down
he took it down it was his people wow
and the guy goes wow that's amazing I'm
really pretty good at this stuff I'm
telling you
I'm telling you know another thing just
happened and thats the oil you know the
way I've been saying go after the oil go
after the other
can't do that hurt the infrastructure
the oil hey we're in Texas I'd seen i've
seen what those companies in your
companies can do in about 12 minutes
he'll rebuild that infrastructure so
fast with with you folks building it
it's a grand so fast they'll build
itself fast and so good just bomb the
hell out of it and so everyone said
everyone said no could you know I was
seeing where they get most of their
money I should they get most of their
money from oil from iraq some in Syria
so there's no you can't bomb iraq it's a
sovereign nation do me a favor bomb
sovereign nation you know what that is
sovereign nation sovereign nation that
was supposed to take everyone end they
didn't take everyone in they wanted to
run it all themselves that's what
happened that's how Isis form ok that's
what happened and ice has turned out to
be a lot tougher than they are so they
have oil and that's where they get most
of their money they also get a from
banking sources and boy am I gonna add
banking I would come down on those
sources
there's there's never been a
presidential candidate does banking like
Trump believe me
they got a lot of money from bank in a
lot of money through different channels
of banking and you can save believing
that problem can be solved quickly but I
said bomb the oil take away and for two
years it's almost like I stop saying it
because everyone was so you can't do
that you can't do that why they didn't
know why but they just said you can't do
it so yesterday they started bombing the
hell out of the aisle and I said to
myself I wonder if I'm gonna get any
credit and actually actually a number of
people call Jake Tapper was one from CNN
sort of saying wow I did what you said
they should do and I had three or four
big thinkers call said well I said tell
me you to say to the area just saying it
to me they say it to me cuz I get good
ratings I want me to go in there Shelly
said say it on the air
don't tell me so they're doing but I
actually did took it a step further if
you remember I said take take take it
and I said take the oil so much money
take the oil don't Lee we should have
never gone to Iraq I said that right
from the beginning of cohesion you know
people say trump has a very tough tone
is a very tough temperament we need a
tough temperament now folks
we don't need a pathological temperament
we need a tough time we have that but
I'll tell you we need a tough time but
if you remember and in 2003 2004 I said
you're doing a mistake with iraq they'll
be nobody tougher with military the me
believe me nobody up on that stage
nobody and hillary Clinton has a total
disaster by the way she is a disaster
but you have to know when to use
military so just like I wrote about
Osama bin Laden and these all these
people saying I can't believe it from
the regional government could do so much
talk about the bad guy you know and
people were writing about him and he
said he's coming into the united states
is gonna do some real damage just so
should not the hell out of me for it
comes in that he came in and knocked
down the world that could have done a
job on that but they didn't but you have
to know
friendly guy and I probably but you know
what I'll tell you so you have to know
what do you have to know when to do it
it's usually friendly the friendly ones
I like to be nice to the unfriendly want
to have to be a little bit tough words
like so so you have to know when to use
it you have to know when and the
cheapest thing we can do is to build up
our military and make it strong again
because we'll never have to use it will
never have to use it right now we're
depleted with depleted we've been
fighting politically correct wars
everything's politically correct we
don't want to do this we don't want to
do that how about this we have to be
unpredictable right and I say that all
the time somebody said the other day in
one of those trips unpredictable that's
a great compliment
tell the story recently there was a
story about being a business deal and I
want I really beat the hell out of these
people which is fine they weren't very
nice but they interviewed the people
while ago and they said what do you
think it donald trump the city so
totally unpredictable and I beat them
because the unpredictability now I
sometimes you want to be unpredictable
around reasons and you it's purposely
unpredictable not like you don't know
what you're doing you got to be a little
bit unpredictable in life and they said
he beat us because we couldn't figure
out he's a good poker player we couldn't
figure out so here's the problem
president Obama announces last week we
are going to send fifty troops are
fineness industry area and into iraq
we're going to send down they leave
tomorrow around 8:15
he'll be arriving they'll be landing at
a certain airport in about 14 hours and
I should be getting off the plane so if
you want to set up your military and
you're everything they have a target of
the hits he's fifty people have a target
on this so now all over Syria Iraq still
looking for his fifty guys at the top
top top guys these are the top people
that we have why does he have to say
that first of all it sounds bad to say
fifty 50 sounds like 50 so he didn't
even get good publicity it's sort of
like either you do it don't do it right
but but these are fifty of our absolute
finest why does he have to say that
we're sending out why couldn't he just
said and they go there quietly and they
do their job and there are people
looking because nobody knows that there
is so bad he is so damn bad
we shouldn't have been in Iraq and I
should get points division cause I'm the
only one on the stage now I'm not a
politician thank God is now I am but I
said don't be there was a longtime
Reuters long time ago they said the
delegation to the white house cause I
was getting so much publicity on it to
try and convince me I said but you know
the problems you than a destabilized the
Middle East you have a Rand in Iraq that
are the same in terms of strength and
they fight all the time these people
fight that's what they wanted to they
would have fired the hell are we doing
they fight a rare goes this way for
years later Iraq pushed in this way
being back forth for decades I said if
you knock out one of those elements
including Iran but if you look at one of
those elements the other ones gonna just
take over what do you do there not poker
players they're not just players
anything honestly the politicians who
don't know what they're doing that's
what they're so I said don't go in and I
was right about it they said weapons of
mass destruction they didn't exist and
saddam hussein talked about weapons of
mass destruction and he boasted you know
why because he wanted to scare around I
made sure he didn't want to say so I
couldn't understand cuz you over played
his cards right they end up finding in a
pipe he came a long way from the
castle's to a pipe would do it all over
his face and he's a bad guy but you know
they end up and I figured out why he's
always fighting with Iran and he wanted
to rent to think that he had weapons of
mass destruction so they would be scared
and they wouldn't go all the way
etcetera etcetera nixon's so he couldn't
that's why overplayed his hand he
couldn't not say that and then we ended
up making a big mistake and we've
totally destroyed the Middle East and
and then come Barack Obama and Hillary
and what happened there is now we're in
and he announces another time just like
he did with a 50 so he announces when
we're leaving only got creamed all over
the place just cringe I mean they beat
him all the time you know we don't win
wars and we don't win anything
win wars member I remember when I was
young we never lost a war right now we
lose every time we can't be nice we can
beat anybody we can't make I will
believe me they and it'll be fast it
won't be long it'll be fast cuz I want
to get around to rebuilding our country
believed I will so so you look at what
happens with a he announces that this is
the same thing is with the fifty men
fifty men will be going in the same
thing we will be leaving Iraq on October
31st at 3:30 in the afternoon so what
happens is the enemy since a while
they're leaving the living is great
let's pull back the hell do we have to
get your dinner you read about all the
stories that they want to get guilty
they don't want to go and their families
they don't want their families killed
folks remember that they don't want
their families but they don't get killed
so they pull back Obama leads now we've
spent in Iraq two trillion dollars
thousands of lives wounded warriors all
over the place where I love and we're
gonna take care of
so Obama made a mistake she's totally
predictable he's totally predictable
we're going to send the 50 we're going
to take him out here now if you would
have said we've never taken them out
we're going to build up with even if you
do it and I know the presses USA will Mr
Trump would tell afib he would tell if i
dont tell us why would they ever say
that we're taking the people out when
they took him so now the enemy would say
if it were me I would say we're not
going anywhere as you're going to suffer
for the rest of your life and your
children you graduate everybody and
they're going to say this case frickin
crazy we give up we can we give her
so Obama told them when we're leaving
left and then they go and it's a mess
now and as yours you stay there you know
you know the fact that when you see the
same papers and teamsters announcing but
Iran is taking over iraq Isis is taking
much of the oil which finally were
bombing ok should have kept it but
finally we really did have his mind was
to keep my with the bombing and keep it
ok now a bombing it and somebody else is
gonna get it right so so so pathetic and
you know what I wanted to do with the
proceeds of that oil I wanted to give a
lot of it to the families that suffered
and lost lives are lost their sons and
daughters in Iraq I wanted to give a lot
of it and by the way if you gave each
family a million or two million dollars
that's peanuts you have so much money
left over give them more than that but
you could give them a lot of money
because they suffered and what do we
have for it what do we have for it so I
was gonna give and and this was another
thing people said oh you can't do that
for you can do anything you can do
whatever you want to do you can do
anything you could do anything and I
wanted to give that money a lot of it to
the families that lost sons and
daughters and and to the wounded
warriors who don't have arms and legs
and and their bravery that all of us put
together so anyway so just to finish off
the pole so they said best in the
military and foreign policy I was a
great honor for me because a lot of
people think that I'll be the best in
jobs by far I will be the greatest that
God ever created believe me I'll be good
and they have been messin economy not
liked by 1 point by like 50 points like
like i on one of my think I was at 72
and number two was it nine that's a big
difference and they have be by far by
far best in leadership
so I said let's best on military and
foreign policy if I'm best certain
leadership if I'm best on the economy
what are we having an election for let's
go
you know a couple of things about the
campaign the one thing they did Sam not
as nice a person to some of the other
people and I told the woman and I
actually am a nice person but I told the
woman who said that she said to me mr.
Trump I'm voting for you I love you but
I you nice enough to be president I said
let me tell you something man I'm glad
you voted for me but I am a nice person
believe it or not I'm gonna have a lot
of good relationship but but I will tell
you
specially with the people you know we
have a good relations but I will tell
you this i really believe it doesn't
matter because I think this is going to
be an election based on competence we
need somebody really and I'm really cops
and we need people like Carl Icahn
industrial a great businessman he's
worth a fortune is a great negotiator
one of the great negotiators other
people are into a semi big the biggest
businessman someone heard us we don't
even like to be but they know I'm really
smart I do incredible company remember
when I filed the papers are on his maybe
as companies not as big what turned out
to be much bigger much better much like
they can't believe it you never heard
anything about it since I file they went
down there hundreds of am looking over
the papers oh my God he's really much
bigger than we ever thought he built an
unbelievable company they went down
there they say more people would down
looking at those papers almost a hundred
pages of financials and incredible
company very low debt tremendous cash
flow the press was devastated right
fellas were you devastated they were
down there would
and I tell you that not to brag about my
company cuz it's a private company
nobody knows what I have private
companies beautiful that was really a
big opening for me I mean run for
president it's tough and he's using all
my life I've heard of your very
successful person you can't run for
president I understand what it is
because they make you a lie and they
cheap and they're dishonest you know
many of them many of them I had a story
recently where I went up in the polls
are leading by a lot and the story was
when will trump leave the race like one
of the commentators in the morning good
guy Joe Scarborough he always jokes well
trumped up in the polls that means I
guess he's leaving arrests leaving let
me tell you I'm not leaving folks ever
I'm not ever I'm not leave a woman to
win we're gonna win I think we're gonna
win but you know these pundits who are
worthless
you know george will because I mean
these guys they said he would never run
lot of pretty he's got the personality
of that piece of concrete he goes he
would not run he would then I announced
they're running you will not file his
paper he will file format a format is
the first filing will you sign your life
away then I file for me he goes oh well
you will not find his finances and if he
does they will never be filed on time
because he's probably not as richest
people so I was one of the only ones
have filed ahead of schedule in fact I
have to be honest my financials are so
good that I hadn't really decided on
running as it does take cuts I have to
be honest not the kind of got to those
people had to I just brought up here not
the kind of cuts the Wounded Warriors
have in the vets have a day what I don't
have that cuts those are real guts but
it takes guts to run
it but then he said he won't so they
turned out to be the only reason I
talked about how good my companies is
because that's the kind of mentality we
need running the country and I was
actually you know they will say he'll
never filed as financials because who
knows when they had no idea I was going
to file them even if I didn't run I was
serious about not running to you know I
did you know the famous scene of my
coming down the escalator with my wife
Melania look very beautiful coming down
the escalator we have to you I have one
beautiful first lady that I could and
she's got a great heart and she is
really smart but she's got a great heart
but she's coming down and she's a very
calm person and she's waving beautifully
like this famous scene played all the
time coming down the escalator I think
they play it because she's in the
picture because I'm leaving and she's
just going like this but if you remember
that famous just a wonderful do this I
mean I'm standing up the presses all
over the place
the place was surrounded they will tell
you I've never seen him like the Academy
Awards and I did this I said I could get
deep breath I came down the escalator
and here we are
who would have known this was going to
happen
when I know this is you know and a lot
of things have happened and a lot of
great things that happens it's because
you know I had no idea that I do as well
as we've done this for now the big thing
these same characters that you know that
said I was gonna run now they're saying
well it's only a question of time before
he could see why I was interviewed by
Chuck Todd of meet the press he's a nice
guy and he asked me that question i was
just came out where I was leading
substantially and he said will you get
out of the race and I said to myself
that question ever been asked to a
person that just took the lead you know
it's such a negative question is this
and I made a mistake I said in giving
his couple of months ago we've recovered
from that mistake but I made a mistake i
said im leading now I have the biggest
crowds the biggest everything if for
some reason I went down in the polls I
believe in polls I think you know
there's at least their reflection of
what if for some reason I went down in
the polls and people didn't want to see
me anymore so you have a hundred people
show up when you have a thousand or
2,000 and 5,000 like today or you
wouldn't do well I mean I'm not a
message probably go out and it was a
killer answer you know why next day
truck may leave the race now right
I don't believe and I remember Rand Paul
who's at like 190 they asked him the
question are you leave the race is gonna
leave the race and i have to leave but
they as and I'm not knocking but its
political speak versus somebody that was
never a politician before I'm giving all
the reasons for which Italy but I'm
doing better than a dividend and the
question shouldn't have been asked but I
give all the reasons and actually my
wife's it was a really nice answer was
such an
honest answer I said good I think I
killed ok so what happened
vs Rand Paul he's at one or two
he's leaving otherwise he's not gonna be
senator from Kentucky so they would you
consider leaving absolutely not I will
not leave the race there was no story
they asked a couple of other guys there
at zero you leave the race you know it's
going to zero and have no money other
than that doing very well right now
there are 0 I saw it the other day they
asked Lindsey Graham
to in South Carolina I'm at 38 he's the
sitting senator not think of it they
said senator gramm are you going to
leave the race
absolutely not I will not leave their
eyes
politician I'm not blaming Graham I'm
not blaming Rand Paul but there's no
story I gave an honest answer and I end
up I will not ever leave this race
and you know what
and I'm still number one by a lot so
that's the reason I'm not leaving just a
couple of things I'm gonna talk to you
about a few things and I know it's a
crazy day and with the tragedy yesterday
that was some horrible thing people see
that and they just it's it's terrible to
watch but I love this group of people I
love this area I know this area have
friends here these are amazing
these are the people you built the
country folks who built the country
you've done an amazing but just so you
know because there's been a lot of talk
lately about stances on different things
without me there wouldn't be any talk of
walls there wouldn't be any talk of
immigration illegal immigration
those folks would not have a voice at
all they've been treated horribly
they've been treated so badly probably
worse than anybody I mean you see that
and because of me and I'm very proud of
it immigration is one of the top couple
of subjects may be the top and a lot of
people's minds it's a tough subject and
when you get to Texas it's gotta be a
real subject as you know the ones that
are really I mean I had such a crowd in
Phoenix Arizona they get the brunt of it
you get the brunt of it some people
don't know it as much but when you got
in new hampshire you know they have a
tremendous heroin problem in doing
tremendous beyond anything that you can
believe that it comes over the border so
they're all affect everybody is affected
when you look at the gangs in los
angeles a lot of those gangs are illegal
immigrant visa tough duty by the way
they will be out of this so fast they
will be out of there so fast
they'll be out before I start to off-set
now all fast by the way they will be out
of there so fast we have some of these
tough gangs and they're all illegal
immigrants and those guys got and we're
not going to put him in our jails I know
a lot of people to put him back with
bringing back to the country that came
for let them use their jails ok let them
use their our jails are brimming right
now with people that shouldn't be in our
prison system they'll be in there for
years and years and years and will be
paying for I'm not gonna happen folks
we're bringing them back where they came
and went and when a specific country
sent them over to the United States
because we have among the dumbest people
in the world trading us and we accept
their people
ok when they send them they're not
coming through not with me then I come
in 1954 general eisenhower you been
reading about the shoe nobody even knew
about $1 brought it up is better than
that guy I do that but I probably
couldn't get voted I don't know but it
looks good but in 1954 general
eisenhower I like Ike everybody liked
ike even though is a general everybody
liked him but you know why because
general macarthur was a very special guy
stuff a genius the highest marks in the
history of West Point General Douglas
MacArthur good right and general
macarthur couldn't stand taking orders
from anybody cuz he felt he was superior
to everybody and Ike was a less than
average student at West Point and
because they couldn't understand you
know to this day general douglas
macarthur had the highest marks in the
history of Westport pretty good you know
I'm into the academic thing to be honest
something right
and he couldn't stand but we have
macarthur's and we have we have General
George Patton
by the way what do you think general
patton would do as he's listening Barack
Obama say we are sending tomorrow
morning at nine o'clock fifty people he
would be she's right now spinning in his
grave and so is but eisenhower was a
nice man I like that was a slogan like
mine is make America great again make
America great again how good is that is
that could do I hit that hit it on the
head
you know I've had guys trying to copy
some of the people running against me
use that expression but I had legal
rights to do you believe how good how
good am i at this time so we put them on
notice they weren't allowed to make
America great again the plane was
landing before and the pilot saying
coming and coming and ok you're cleared
to land
make America great again this is from
the control tower
by pilot said mr. trump card that I
wanted to kiss those people make America
great again but I can I trust I like I
could see was a lovable guy he was a
nice guy but despite being a nice guy
they had a problem with a little problem
so they moved out one and a half million
illegal immigrants moved about having a
tremendous jobs you know jobs is a big
thing they're taking jobs from people
that wanna we have a hundred million
people a lot of work this 5.2 percent
unemployment is not to tell what is
written and designed for politicians so
they look good we probably have a 25% we
probably have 25 percent unemployment ok
if you look at the real numbers or I
wouldn't be getting the crowds I'm
getting or I wouldn't be getting the
responses or the polling numbers we
probably have 25% so I like I said his
task force and they moved a lot of
people and they took him and they moved
across the border and they came
immediately back and then they moved him
again and they came back they say this
isn't working then they moved them all
the way south and then never came back
you know now trust up today at order to
do things like that but they didn't even
think about it they should know they're
here illegally she those days they are
here illegally not legally and illegally
everyone says to me lol Riley the other
night he's a great guy but he said to me
had a little argument with me he said
the court system will take you long time
so if somebody walks over the line they
bring them immediately back right now in
our case we don't but you could they
want government you bring it back ok so
they bring back so they walk over the
line a year ago you bring them back
there's no difference if it was three
years ago they're here illegally
here illegally and everybody said on the
anchor baby I was wrong they said if you
have a baby here and I discussed it and
then I can not to be right just the same
thing I could baby Canada baby here if
you're here illegally have a baby now
you can have some court cases but
believe me I would have a president I
guarantee I went on the academic and I
went on this bill because no I don't
want to go through a court system every
time you want to bring an illegal person
I don't want to go I know more about
courts of any human being on a ok and I
don't want to go through a court system
with the lawyers and the problem but the
here illegally now let me tell you what
happened with eisenhower as it gets
mixed reviews now they sell was very
harsh I'm sure wasn't some cases but let
me tell you when they started and this
was serious was it like playing games
like today where everything so
politically correct you know everyone
knows you well we can't do that let's do
this is serious stuff they moved by the
way harry truman moved they say millions
of people out millions harry truman
before I move millions of people nobody
talks about this they say what a bad guy
a.m. how it doesn't work it does work it
does work and I wanted to come back by
the way just so you know I want to make
it clear I wanted to come back but I
wanted to come back legally and if we
need workers for the grapes and I'll say
this is a lot of people say the grapes
grapes and I don't think any of you guys
are going to be picking grapes ok I
really don't think so
wanna be picking the pockets of Wall
Street but not grapes but if we need
some people we can bring people in on
work visas have to go out if you needed
for the farms if you need them badly
you're bringing to go to go out to be
here legally they gotta be early so
here's what happened in the case of ice
and they move people they move people
and they moved about you know what
happened with the people that didn't get
caught whatever you know what happened
themselves they move themselves away to
come to us next week
jumped out of a month they almost back
millions of people out there they left
of their own volition not that stupid
Romney's stuff was self deportation I
mean how they're going to self deport oh
yeah right then you wonder why he lost
but this is something where many of them
once the system started and once they
saw there was no games they moved him
out now today we have things like
e-verify employer wassup sorry I can't
do it I used e-verify and most of my
jobs I have thousands and thousands of
employees I have hired tens of thousands
of employees many Hispanic over these
many many different as many from mexico
today many many employees from the great
but I have and I think to be it's very
important e-verify so now I find out all
the legal now if they can't get a job to
move on out there gonna move that nobody
has 200 soldiers began to move out so
simple but a politician's a politician
doesn't know what they're all talk and
no action all they know how to do is get
re-elected that's all they're not
and when you see all the problems are
not going to have that kind of gonna
have a lot of winning gonna be doing a
lot of winning I'm telling we're gonna
win everything we start we're gonna win
cuz I went my whole life that's why it
always bothers me that she had a great
time and he's done really well but he
doesn't really want to be president you
know I'm doing this for my health ok I
came to Texas at twelve o'clock in the
afternoon because I wanted I want to do
this I i want the end result somebody
said well why you doing it and I said
because I honestly believe that the
american dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and better and stronger
than ever before I really believe that I
really but I really believe so if you
look at Rubio he was a member of the
gang and that they and Rubio want
honesty give everybody he's just so you
understand jesse anderson lightweights
these are not people that can take us to
the promised land then I like him very
much as well as a member of the gang of
a gang of eight you know that was that
was a group that just wanted people to
flow ok member of the gang of a sad when
his poll numbers went down he all of a
sudden became a nun member of the gang
of eight so Rubio is weak weak on
illegal immigration week on the amnesty
once everybody
can't do it Carson very very weak on
immigration very very very weak whatever
he wants worse he wants a path to
citizenship for people that came into
the country they give it they come in
illegally now they've become one of the
problems with that is we have right now
we have right now
millions of people wanting to come into
the country and they've done it through
legal channels they've done it right
through legal channels and we've gotta
be fair to those people also so just in
a nutshell on immigration because I know
how important it is for texts we're
gonna have a wall gonna be a great
product that people can walk over to
climb of this is gonna be a serious wall
and it's going to be built at the right
course mexico is going to pay for the
wall believe they gonna pay for their
going to pay for it to get the bad ones
out really fast I mean so fast and the
rest gonna have to happen and everyone's
gonna be happy in the end
people are going to be happy to have
jobs were gonna do a great job would be
fair to do it with a very very big heart
it's going to be done humanely remember
that it's going to be done
digest to finish off and wanna just cuz
I wanted to really hard on that a little
bit the immigration because it's so
important in such a big factor and has
become such a big factor in the race i'm
proud of it but we are going to
negotiate great deals I mentioned Carl
Icahn before I'm going to use the
smartest we have the smartest people
have the best people we have the best
minds with the best business minds we
don't use a wheeze political hacks we
used people that put money into a super
PAC and they end up getting jobs because
they gave a couple of bucks to a super
PAC and the super PACs by the way I
don't have super PACs
i turn i said i dont wanna super PACs
are controlling your senators they're
controlling every candidate will only do
what's right for those people that gave
them money
the donors the special-interest those
are the only people believe me they
control the politicians nobody's give me
any money other than the small donors
where frankly if people send in 25 min
$50 I have to take the money because
it's not that it's a lot of money if you
send that money back its so in so how do
you send it back we don't want your
money so I take small donation small and
I say that's fine because that's like an
investment in the country but it's
peanuts but I don't think anybody
putting my own money funding my own
campaign I'm spending a fortune
and and I am spending but so far I have
spent that much so far
listen to this one is just at that some
people I can some people say maybe it
doesn't sound good but I like the
business people like it so far I've
spent less money than anybody else and
I've had the best result of anybody else
right and that beautiful that p.m.
large body of the best result and that's
what I like and that's what it be nice
if we could do that with a country we
spent less money in education we spend
more money than any other country by
double and triple and yet rated number
28 in the world we have nations that you
wouldn't believe ahead of us we have
nations that you wouldn't believe so
we're going to win on trade we're going
to take our jobs back we're gonna bring
jobs into the country we're gonna be
china we're gonna beat Japan was gonna
do great with mexico we gonna do
wonderfully with that horrible I ran
back I love to renegotiate deals ok but
we gotta take that horrible deal the
worst deal I've ever seen negotiated
with an end
Obamacare will determine
we're going to terminal
what time and we're going to replace it
with something that's far better far
less expensive for you and for the
country we're going to replace it with
something that's really good and the
insurance companies will not like me
because right now they are making a
fortune and your rates are you are
getting your premiums doubling and
tripling their doubling and tripling day
going up 45 55 60 percent nobody knows
what's happening the insurance companies
they backed Obama they're making a
fortune I couldn't care less about the
insurance company to jail so we're going
to start winning again we're gonna wind
so much I sometimes joke I say you
didn't win so much you're gonna get sick
of winning but the chances we never get
sick of winning we never get sick of
winning we're gonna wind so not gonna be
so proud of this country you get to be
so proud of your president and I love
you all make America great again thank
you thank you
thank you

we love you we love you
amazing you know one of the reporters
just ask me why don't you do town hall
meetings I said because we have now the
equivalent of you know there's another
room this size where it's fact also so
we have five thousand people had added
we do town halls will be doing about 200
today and we still will be able to catch
up but I want to thank everybody special
people
special place we've had such an
incredible journey since you remember
june sixteenth since june sixteenth the
famous escalator ride and we just got
back from iowa and i want to tell you
they're great people in iowa and I love
them she says you know I'll tell you we
really did you know I started off and it
was very interesting very interesting
little think it's a coffee system which
is a much more difficult system I don't
say better and it's a weird but
certainly more difficult and we started
off and when I announced on June 16
there was seventeen people I had
registered I hadn't been put in polls so
I didn't know what was going to happen
and in Iowa they said don't go to iowa
you don't play in Iowa me and I said why
I know people and I was a great people
they should know it's not gonna work and
you go there's not gonna work so I said
I have to do it I want to go there and I
went there and I think we didn't really
well we did really well
and they said if you get in the top 10
you'd be lucky and actually came out the
first time was like number 10 and then
it went to eight and went to five and we
finished number two and frankly had I
known we could have finished number two
maybe I would have spent more time there
I would have taken a day or two off from
here but that wouldn't have been good
but you know it's a lot of interesting
is a very proud of this I skipped the
debate because I wasn't treated properly
door nor was I was properly and you know
when our country is did read it properly
we have to behave that way also just so
you understand when you not treated like
his supposed to be treated you have to
remember
so what happened what happened is I did
and then I said you can't do that and
they had it we could have broken the
world record we would have broken debate
that we did the first one that 24
million people really I think it was
even more than that
after final cap and I think this thing
would have had probably 26 228 229
million people but you couldn't do it
and I'll tell you I am so happy I didn't
do it because in one hour we raised six
million dollars for the vets six men we
raised sixty million for them and if you
told me I could have finished first if I
did the debate or second plus six
million for the vets I'll take the six
million for the vets day
so we got the biggest vote I just
looking at statistics here we got the
biggest vote ever in the history of a
primary and Iowa
by like sixty thousand people came out
extra I'm not gonna say that was made
but believe me it was me you know two
nights ago i three nights ago one of the
candidates that are running against
highly-respected was here and they had
two hundred and fifty people so we have
five thousand that should be a good sign
that's like our poll that's like an
automatic poll so that I got the vote
that I got was other than the one vote
because we had so many people was the
biggest vote in the history of Iowa
Republican caucus have been the biggest
in the history of Iowa for a republican
cause you know when you think amazing
thing is the press that all of them
somewhere great somewhere saying came in
second day started off in 10 that he
came in second but with me that only his
second I'd like to his second that much
either to be totally but one poll came
out that said I was leading by 45 points
and I guess you know coming second in
the headlines were trumped comes in
second he's humiliated seventeen people
will be cited now you have eleven I come
in second humiliated you know you have
you have to think of it
people ever ever so Marcos a nice guy
Marco Rubio nice guy and he comes in
third right and all of a sudden he comes
in third he's a senator does this stuff
for a living is a professional
politician he comes in third I come in
second drop no good
Rubio unbelievable night unbelievable
unbelievable thank you gotta think of
this and then they said he's very very
close he's very close so he's good maybe
I think it's about a difference of
almost 3,000 votes that's a lot that's a
lot of votes but you know for Iowa that
a lot of us live like 25 26 and some
large amount of
but he came in second the headline is
winner of the night
Marco Rubio drop humiliated didn't do
that well and I'm saying that comes in
third and he's a professional politician
at IBM by you know a lot how come the
guy that comes in third business typical
reporter the media the worst people ever
the person that comes in third on many
of the networks is being covered like
it's one of the great victories in the
history of politics in this country and
the person that's not a professional
politician on the job creator I build
great companies that build great
buildings I do a lot of great things
I've employed can I I don't do this crap
I deployed tens of thousands of people
over the years I'm so proud of the
company has built an unbelievable
company in fact they went to check it
when I did the filing with the FEC
federal elections they were see all
those cameras back their trip alone they
were down though they were gonna find
first they said I'll never run right
then that he said he'll never file
format a format is where you signed your
life away you give them everything the
family the doghouse you give up the
world they should have never file format
then they sell for me
announced that it believed it then they
should one who never file as financials
and if he did he lists for the
extensions because you can get an
extension that goes through ever I don't
want an extension I told one of the big
accounting firms one of the best firms
in the world one of the biggest most
respected I said listen to get these
done I felt almost a hundred pages
bigger than anything ever filed with
federal election by far
you know these politicians they put one
page in the need five extensions ok you
know why they're afraid somebody knows
about the cash they've been taken to
want to be careful ok they want to be
careful I want to be
politicians all talk no action so what
happens I love you too darling so what
happens is I go in ifile and come back
and I don't believe the company's much
bigger much better some of the greatest
assets in the world buildings in
Manhattan Bank of America building big
chunk and San Francisco some of the
greatest at sister Marion Scotland where
they play the British Open so many
different great assets Doral in Miami
Beach hundreds of acres in miami beach
you know darrell so many and they're
looking at this low debt very little
debt almost no debt so this low debt
tremendous cash flow and some of the
greatest assets in the world and the
number is through the roof and I'm not
saying that to be braggadocio some
saying because that's the kind of
thinking we need in this country our
country is going to hell
going to have so the president goes down
and they see it and it was such a dud
they were devastated they thought this
trip is it you know they all said I
wouldn't file and I wouldn't run because
maybe I'm not as rich as people think
that's what the hell was that
and wonder if this can only happen at a
truck rally what you know that could be
a way we get him to turn the cameras
right I let the cameras don't have and
what the press will never ever ever
report is the crowds they don't do it
they reported for birdie they said the
other day recently I had 12,000 people
he had three thousand people they said
birdies centers had an amazing crowd of
3,000 people I had 12,000 when it's my
turn to go on trial
speech today front of a crowd it is so
dishonest and I have friends at the
reporters and they tell me they can't
report the truth they cannot report that
they told what to do and if you happen
to be a nice our side of the equation
for the most part just very dishonest
just very dishonest so what I do like is
when that man holds up that John oh by
the way I should reprimand him because
you know member when I took a lot of
heat remember that somebody said
something that wasn't that nice to our
president and they said Donald Trump did
not defend the president would have hit
defend me think it depends so they said
Donald Trump did not defend the
president had I said ok so they said I
should have defended him and I should
have done something so sir you're
reprimanded ok so we're not throwing him
out folks right when I throw so I put in
these statements and they've been great
and and I tell you because I probably
would have filed them even if I didn't
want you know it takes guts to run for
president really does it takes guts
it takes guts especially you know if
you're a politician you run and you run
and you lose and you win and you run so
they do with us it takes courage but we
needed one of us we have to do it we
have to do it this so many things that
are wrong so I wanted to just tell you
and I feel so good and by the way while
I have to have all those cameras gonna
have to take care of a couple of things
for the veterans Carl Icahn great
businessman he'll put him in charge of
negotiating with China will stop their
five hundred billion dollar trade
deficit I can tell you right now I can
tell you right now but I have to say
that good guy tough guy smart guy that's
the kind of people we want is worth
billions of dollars doesn't want
anything he'd love to represent we put
him in charge of let's say China let's
say Japan let's say one or two countries
probably one cause we have some great
people we have the greatest negotiators
in the world we have the smartest
business people in the world we don't
use them we used political hacks were
used people that don't have a clue we
used people that got the job because
they give campaign contributions to
these guys they get their job and they
don't give a damn about the country they
care about themselves and the subtle way
it's going to work okay carl icahn great
business man cave 500,000 to the vets
now this was when I was supposed to be
up debating
big deal this was what I was supposed to
be up to bed we have steve roth friend
gave fifty thousand we have the Fisher
family gave 75,000 Bridget left 400,000
donald Trump Donald Trump gave one
million dollars we have a rich guy from
New York City a friend of mine I can't
believe it
this guy was the worst braggart I've
ever seen if he gave money he wanted his
name up in lights and all of a suddenly
became like please please don't tell my
name please i'm saying why does loaded
by the way why he said because they've
changed see people can change people can
change I said you really don't want to
know about like so I said look if you
know what my name it I won't so I just
called rich guy from new york city one
million dollars for the events of one of
the great business been in this country
Mr Phil Ruffin and his incredible wife
gave from Las Vegas and lots of other
places got plenty of places he gave one
million dollars to the vet says that
great I wrote a letter from Marvel you
know they do the great movies I think
he's got like five of the greatest
grossing movies of all time he's a great
geniuses wife is incredible lowering
$1,000,000 to the vets ok not great down
and there are many more
there are many more so I just want to
tell you that that was such an amazing
it was just such an amazing thing and I
call these people say could you give a
half a million one of them said to me I
should could you give these are really
successful people I say could you give a
half-million he goes no I won't give a
million I said ok I'll take a right on
behalf of the vets outside
so we have a lot of good things
happening so the whole experience and I
was great the only prob is depressed
didn't treat me right instead of saying
you did really well you didn't do too
much over the IBM focus here that have
been focused here and South Carolina by
the way very much but they said instead
of saying unbelievable job they said it
was disappointing third-place was
fantastic but it was a little too so was
one of those so I I had a good time I
learned a lot of made a lot of good
friends at night when they're really
they are great people
one other thing I have to say because
we're all lot of us are business people
we want to make our country great again
such a great thing is that is that the
greatest of all themes that's what it is
somebody said what are you going to do
for the country and I said to myself you
not have a lot of time here there's a
radio person and we by the way do it
howie carr his erroneous someplace where
is how a where is Howie Howie where the
hell are you
is he a great guy we love how a car
right we love how he can win love Tom
Brady we love Tom Brady right now we
love coach bella Jack don't worry I'm
telling you is the greatest guy ever
lose but tom is a great friend of mine
he's a great guy said the nicest things
about me you know in massachusetts my
poll numbers went up like 25 points they
went up to 48 or 50 one-hour sup because
Tom Brady said Trump is great that's
good you know you don't often get too
many people that say something nice well
as a positive impact but tom is in that
category so where is howie carr the
legendary house because he's here he's
got that radio going he has been so nice
to me thank you how a guys so here's the
final on that whole thing in terms of
money spent to provoke right right in
stats stats money spent for a vote I was
almost the last and i was just something
nice about that you know there's
something nice about that you know as an
example of the campaign not gonna spend
a lot of money it's all my own self
funding can you believe this and I'll
tell you something folks let me just
tell you cuz I said it before I told it
to the president make it a big story
probably they would make everything and
then they change it but that's ok I told
the precious we had a press conference I
said I'll be honest with you I don't
think that I have gotten the proper
credit for the fact that I'm so funny I
don't really I have turned down if I
wanted you know bush has a hundred and
twenty eight million dollars ago I mean
we have been better off just taken the
money throwing it out a window or
something but if you look at if you look
at Ted Cruz he's got tremendous money
from the oil companies gonna take care
of the oil companies to take care of
Wall Street even though it did reporters
he's gonna take care of if you look at
some of these people although they all
have money so and restore from wall
street is from oil it's from different
things now those people are a hundred
percent going to like a little puppet
gonna take care of those interest with
me I have no but i just want to do the
right thing
why I said something at the press
conference that I don't think they knew
what the hell I was talking about some
respond but some of these guys are dumb
as a rock and I you know you know when
this man lifted up the sign I like that
for one reason because they had to move
the cameras around the show the crowd ok
that's the only way they see the crowds
as well we have if we have protesters
died 11 fact sometimes I actually think
about doing it I'm gonna set my
protesters up in corners of rooms
because those cameras never moved from
my face because they don't want to show
how many people I have they don't wanna
showed some movement we have a movement
going folks we have hope I have to be
honest and I want to thank him before I
just before it's too late but Scott
Brown for him to come up and call and
say I love what you doing I love will
you going he loves this area and he
loves you people for him to endorse me
is a very important thing so wherever
the house got it right it's a very very
important and I've had other great
import just great ones do you know jerry
falwell junior
fantastic Liberty University the job is
done Sarah Palin gave us a tremendous
endorsement romantic and you know gave
me great endorsement that you people are
really going to like his everybody likes
this
Sheriff Joe from Arizona sheriff Joe you
know when Sheriff Joe gives you an
endorsement you know you're the king of
the border right you know all these
other guys that I'm competing against
their own and women they're all coming
up there are coming up in this thing
when I originally announced I talked
about illegal immigration
if I didn't bring it up and did I take
key if I didn't bring it up it wouldn't
even be a subject right now and then all
of a sudden and I was gone I said this
campy like this you can't go on like
this for months and months no human
being can take this amount of incoming
no human being
and they were just going after me and
they said it's terrible and then after
about two three weeks people such as
opposed now they're coming then all of a
sudden four weeks five weeks go by then
you see the kind of tremendous crime
that's been committed by the people that
come into our country illegally
tremendous crime then you have the
killing of Kate beautiful Kate and
centrist iska then you had the killing
of Jameel the woman you have the killing
of the woman a 65 year old veteran who
was raped sodomized and killed by an
illegal immigrant and that's three
people that's you have to see what's
going on you have to see what's going
how bad it is not only that the economy
and I want people to come into the
country but I want them to come in they
have to come in legally right legally
they have to come in legal so we have
all of these endorsements their
incredible endorsements but I do have to
say one of the gentlemen that compete
against my wife is watching television
the other day and she's listening to
this guy boring falling asleep keep
falling asleep
it's like a sleeper and he said I won't
use the name because I don't want to
embarrass anybody he said he said and we
will build a wall she said darling
premier listen you just said you know
who the hell ever heard of building a
wall except for me so now that they
don't give us credit when I said in Iraq
when I said take the oil right foot four
years I've been saying take the oil then
after those horrible Paris attacks all
of a sudden they said we will take the
oil the problem is that for years late
and what I said take the oil I meant
take it they mean blow it up i mean take
it take it and give some of the profits
to our wounded warriors give some of the
profits to the vet and the families that
have lost people in Iraq
have been saying that I've been saying
that for years
take the oil and you know it and they
just did it but they're not doing it
right you know they don't want to bomb
the oil because it would be
environmentally it would be a pollution
event it would be an event of pollution
as they say it will add to the carbon
footprint do you believe is the way we
fight our was Scott you think general
douglas macarthur used to have the
carbon footprint in mind when he bombed
the hell out of right
General Patton did he think the carbon
footprint general pack you have a
mention the carbon footprint smack in
the face and say what do you know I i
mean I actually heard this I'm not sure
I believe it but I think I believe it
they said one of the reasons we're not
bombing the oil is because they don't
want that pollution going up into the
atmosphere I made it the whole thing is
ridiculous
don't forget we have a president that
thinks that global warming is many
things this global warming that wasn't
working so well there's right climate
change this extreme weather the new on
his extreme weather because you how can
you miss with extreme weather even if
it's nice you say it's extreme because
it shouldn't be this site you know that
global warming is really bad it was just
not work then they went climate change
and that was better but extreme weather
is like perfect and we have a president
that talks about the biggest enemy of
the united states right the biggest
number one enemy is
is he calls it level is global warming
climate change
no one of those things he doesn't know
eenie meenie miney mo whatever whatever
the way now and let let me just tell you
so climate change and the carbon
footprint so he says for Christmas or
whatever he wants to go christmas by the
late Merry Christmas don't you want to
say Merry Merry Christmas we're gonna
bring Christmas back we're gonna bring
it back
Merry Christmas Happy Holidays we're
gonna bring it back you see these
departments you can't say Merry
Christmas anymore don't shop there
you'll say Merry Christmas again very
quickly but but for Christmas but for
Christmas celebrates he gets into a
Boeing a very very old it's cold air
force one a very very old Boeing 747
with the old engines feeling knowing
carbon and every other thing I don't
think it happens during the year
personally but that's ok so these old
engines are spewing into the atmosphere
I think about the carbon footprint but
he's only going to Hawaii so he's gone
from Washington to know why he's gonna
play golf like so many times he plays
golf that people on the PGA Tour you
know that they admire him they say if
they could play that much they'd be even
better players so he's taken the Boeing
747 flying to Hawaii you know how long
that is all the engine seized of the big
old engines spewing fumes he's over
there for two or three weeks playing
golf he then gets back
hops in the plane flies back to watch it
when he comes back and he talks about
global warming up somehow I think that I
Russia radical islamic Paris right from
north korea I think that that's a bigger
threat to global warming right now
ok global warming we should be fairing
folks is global warming caused by
nuclear weapons and it will not smart
that's what's gonna happen we better get
really top really smart really vigilant
have a problem we better stop playing
games believe me we better stop playing
games
so we become the policemen to the entire
world they pass peanuts we take care of
Japan lot of people don't even know his
deals we make if we are attacked
somebody at access would you rather have
trumpets president of were attacked will
beat the shit out of them anybody
attacks you know I speak in a potential
cause he hates Obama so much food he
said Donald Trump is a genius and he's
the real leader over in that country and
these people that I'm negotiating with
all the time these people in the states
with me they said you should disavow
what Putin of Russia said i said im not
disavowing that he called me a genius
are you crazy
don't worry I can't be seduced but
wouldn't it be nice if you think about
it would be nice if we actually got
along with Russia and others and we can
use them to knock out ice is with us so
that maybe we don't always have to pay
for it knocked the hell out of but let
them drop some of their bombs that cost
a million dollars apiece let them use
some of their weapons that caused
billions and billions of dollars let
them beat the shit out of Isis also
right right
raised by the way I have to say thank
you I love looking out out my number one
that a bet is out taking good care of
you if he doesn't take care of you I
will say out you're fired a great guys
become my friend and i'm taking care of
them I told you before going to build a
military so great so strong
nobody's gonna mess with us nobody's
going to mess with don't forget jeb bush
and Hillary Clinton both the same day
this if i dont like Donald Trump stone
now that day three heads were chopped
off in the middle east you worried about
my tone but don't forget this is
important I'm the one that didn't want
to go and read Iraq and beat the hell
out of records are you going to
destabilize the entire Middle East and
that was Reuters in 2004 and before that
Reuters 2004 I said don't do it you're
going to destabilize that's exactly what
happened we have destroyed what happened
is the Middle East is totally
destabilized array which made one of the
great deals ever with a hundred and
fifty billion dollars they're gonna make
nuclear weapons taken to self inspect
how about that
itself inspect listen we here is our
president we hear you're making nuclear
weapons would you please check the area
and call me back tomorrow
President Obama I give you my word I
give you my word we have just self
inspected we are not going to ever ever
make nuclear weapons in those areas and
then the guys going right and then they
have the other not only self inspection
but then they have the other twenty four
day period so we think that making
nuclear weapons we have to inform them
that clock starts ticking maybe in a
month or two months or five months
before the 24 days kitchen right so this
could go on forever in the meantime they
clean up the shadow 24 days wouldn't be
enough to clean up anything 24 days
right and and and the floor battleship
grey so when we walk in we sell nothing
is happening here so to get 24 days this
is the dumbest agreement I think I've
ever seen done by your man he's up from
this area
carey is he the worst negotiating I hear
he wants to run for president if Hillary
gets put in prison that's what I hear
you know what he can't run for president
that deal is so bad why would I love to
run just that one day I don't have to
talk about how else he's messed up that
hill is so bad what we love to run
against Kerry just with the deal all we
have to do we paid a hundred and fifty
billion dollars for 450 billion now the
most amazing thing you wouldn't have
started anybody in this audience no not
anybody but 95% you would have walked in
you would have said we want to preserve
his back this is like four years ago
this thing is the longest-running deal
ever see you would have said I wanna
prisoners they would have said no no no
you would have left you would have
doubled up the sanctions they would have
called you back almost immediately and
they would it take you prisoners right
we have a presence then you make sure
the prisoners have landed the prisoners
now have landed this is the art of the
deal but the prisoners have landed now
you go in a second time and you say
fellows here I like to take the lumps of
my father was used to sign you too tough
fight a Kindle upset as a ok pop
nice so instead of saying we're not
giving you a hundred and fifty billion
dollars that would do stuff you know to
challenge II you said this way a problem
we own nineteen billion dollars our
stupid people in washington just
approved a budget three weeks ago how
about that budget they're getting
everything you know Obama is a horrible
negotiator except when it comes to
negotiating with the republicans he's a
genius at negotiating with the
republicans he's horrible with the ran
with russia along with China Japan but
with the republicans he gets everything
it wants we send these people there you
know I don't mind the democrats because
we know where they're coming from but we
said the republicans to get rid of
Obamacare they got to get rid of a
hundred different things they got to cut
the budget thinking about the budget
they going to do all these things right
they go there what happens what happens
you know I tell the story they walk into
the beautiful halls of Congress they
work and they see the Capitol building
and they look up in this is a beautiful
ceiling and they see the columns ago so
hi beautiful marble and they say a leash
or Jim Callis let's use our search for
the Dallas we've arrived we've made it
now if made it and then they say they go
interest rates do you approve an
extension of above right Obamacare do
you approve an extension of Obamacare
yes sir yes sir it's disgusting it's
disgusting and by the way I have been
opposed to Obamacare from the day they
conceived it and Ted Cruz comes out with
an ad that I'm in favor of Obamacare can
you believe this just like he did with
Carson Carson he said
left iowa he's out of the Rays vote for
him did you hear about this one piece he
said he left Iowa cousins that nice guy
been so bad
is all of a sudden getting calls that he
quit the race these guys said he quit
the race is gun is out
votes to him what kind of people we did
it with additions and made up liar
honestly and made up stories made up
source everybody in here many of you
know me from day 1 I've been talking
about going to repeal and replace
Obamacare from day one
now we're going to do if you remember so
apart from day 1 I've been saying repeal
and replace Obamacare I've been talking
about the five billion dollar website
that never worked for years right
all of a sudden I see an ad or something
donald Trump is in favor of Obamacare
people calling you are against it that's
too bad these are dishonest people these
politicians these are worse than real
estate people in New York I'm telling
you now know these are truly desirous
people that he said ben Carson has quit
the race the day of the election ben
Carson during a caucus then Carson has
quit the race and didn't get to race in
other words ben Carson quit and let me
have your kind of crap is just and then
he makes up the thing that says like its
on a government document voter violation
it says on top just like it comes right
out of government municipal motor
violation and it talks about it gives
grades EF EF EF EF EF intruder but it
says you can go vote but you gotta go
vote for him and people are afraid that
I'm in violation I have to go and what
kind of people of these people and then
the attorney general in iowa is
investigated but by that time they're
all gone the election's over what kind
of people do we have running for office
now it's honestly really really just
honest and I think I know why you know
why because he was born in Canada was
happened to be a problem that happens to
you watch the democrats they've already
said they could assume he gets the
nomination they're gonna sue his ass off
actually going to sue the country but
they're going to sue him and that's a
pick-me-up I wanted to mention one other
thing because in Iowa well we're talking
about so price of her head
pro-vote leading the pack ladies and
gentlemen with the bush
how did you know nobody's got 1% or 2%
leading the pack demand that spent the
most money per vote the legendary jet
push with a number of this is per vote
no but you know so far
2800 and $84 per vote you know you
could've won the election just promised
everybody a thousand bucks and you could
have wanted you want to save money right
you were the one you want to save a lot
of money so jet my spent almost three
thousand dollars a vote that's gotta be
a record right is that in the Guinness
Book would you check to get his book you
have others with tremendous numbers of
Marco spent a lot almost $300 of but at
least you had a pretty good result he
came in third
no no he had a fantastic result
unbelievable unbelievable came in third
the guy that came in second of terrible
terrible night dishonest people
this is look at his numbers so hundreds
and hundreds of dollars into jet pay
close to $3,000 or so who is one of the
lowest up just about the lowest lowest
the great donald Trump Louis by the way
I'm very proud of the fact that I have
spent less money than just about anybody
else on the campaign and I'm going to
start spending a lot for two reasons
right number one I don't want to take
any chances
number two I feel guilty because when
jeff is now spent two hundred and
nineteen million are some ridiculous
number and much of it is sort of earmark
to me
ends they can't be very good because
every time he takes an at my numbers go
up it's a crazy deal but but I sped
nationally I'm leading every poll in the
state I mean honestly other than I which
was the weakest when I had but in the
state of leading the state's leading
here tremendously but every single
national poll I'm waiting and just about
I think every state poll of leading so I
spent the least and I have the best
reason right
now have spared like Jeb like a couple
of others they've spent the most and
have the worst result can you put them
in charge of this we have a school
system we are getting rid of Common Core
by the way and we are preserving
education in the United States is the
most expensive per pupil in the entire
world right
the most expensive in the entire world
and there is no second place because
it's so much lower its ridiculous Norway
Denmark Sweden China visa like the top
four or five places for education when
number thirty I used to say 28 right we
just went up two notches when our number
thirty in the world we spend the most
reputable by far and we have the worst
education by fog so we're now number
thirty and we spend the most wouldn't it
be nice if they did like Trump where I
spend the least and I have the best
results when the pickup now so that's
what I mean our budget they said we are
working on the budget and we think
within 25 years we can balance the
budget twenty-five years twenty-five
years these are serious people they said
25 years the balance of a i'm talking
about doing it relatively quickly and I
mean we're gonna have a better country
we're gonna better service we're going
to get rid of the waste fraud abuse all
of the fall of the waste a disgusting
waste and the fraud you look at the
Veterans Administration take a look at
what's happening in Phoenix Arizona it's
one of the great fraudulent scams you've
ever seen the veterans administration
within a take such great care of them
it what's going on is unbelievable and
we're gonna make our country so strong
and so solid I said the other day we
gonna make a country rich again in a
woman said mr. Trump that doesn't sound
I said those were rich where debtor
nation that horrible budget I told you
about a little while ago that's worth
two trillion dollars that takes care of
our border letting everyone in that
Obama wants to come in that takes care
of the Syrian refugees who would never
get a lot of folks I have a big heart
but when never letting them and we don't
know who they are we don't know where
they come from
it's not going to happen it's not gonna
happen and anybody and everybody that
comes in I want everybody to know we
have to send them back we cannot take
chances we can't afford it we can't
afford to make mistakes like that you
know we have the two people that were
radicalized probably she radicalized him
the married couple great who in
California killed 14 people with money
very badly injured right we didn't know
this we didn't know anything about it we
had Paris where they have the toughest
gun laws in the world the toughest
because within a preserve our 2nd
Amendment we're not touching that second
remember unless we're gonna make it
strong unless you will make it too
strong so Paris has the toughest gun
laws in the world right that toughest in
the world you can't have a gun unless
you're a bad guy no problem so these
disgusting thugs working to various
places and start shooting people bomb
bomb bomb move over a hundred and thirty
people dead many people so gravely
injured that they will be done they're
gonna be dying dying now and other
people get a little light but they're
going to live a life in hell because
they're so horribly injured now if we
had a few people in this room I can look
at that guy right this mean we had a few
of the people you you you let me pick a
woman
you and if somebody had a gun on their
belt or somebody had a gun wrapped
around their ankle and those bullets
started coming out you know you see they
were going to and you shoot a lot of
them folks that's the only form its are
its former protection
you wouldn't have the carnage that you
had there how about the military base
five great young soldiers a gun-free
zone one of the soldiers is a world
class marks one of the best in the world
they're all top of the line soldiers
they're told to take their guns put on
two hundred yards away
seal a whack job walks in these five
great beautiful soldiers smart
tremendous future this wack job walks in
and blow them away
kills all five of them that was it
because you know when these crazy people
see gun free zone that's like saying
candy to a baby right that's candy too
baby so we're gonna protect our second
amendment to protect ourselves we are
not touching our 2nd Amendment and it's
under siege they're playing now with
bullets they're playing now with
magazines they're playing with a lot we
are going to protect our 2nd Amendment
remember that
so when I started and when this all
began on june sixteenth coming down the
escalator it was all about Border
Protection and speaking of Border
Protection and called her she has been
such a great help to me where is where
is and where the hell are you stand up
in court she is Daniel she is so great
right
a Dios amigo is that right best-seller
right ok she is so great she's been so
supportive of us she wants border
security she wants people to come into
the country legally she wants people to
come and after coming through a process
but there's nobody stronger and the
subject is that right and I love the
book I read the book go out and buy the
book everybody hi great person she's a
great she's a great person so when I
started this whole deal come down and I
talked about that I talked about
Obamacare repeal again I talked about
the military I talked about the vets I
talked about social security because
we're gonna save us social security and
I talked about trade I talked about
trade like nobody else to talk about it
when Carl Icahn endorses me and many of
the best business be men in the world
and women they want to ask me I said
don't bother nobody knows who that you
are true you know not like the Great
Scott Brown nobody knows who they are
but they're the best business people in
the world so when they endorse me and we
use them good I talked about trade China
is making a fortunate we can't do it in
Vietnam Japan Mexico both at the border
and with trade you have to see what's
the biz go moving the big plant from
chicago into Mexico for building one of
the biggest auto plants in the world two
and a half billion dollar at a plant in
mexico what the hell are we doing what
are we doing we're bringing back jobs
now we have a case
corporate version where companies used
to move like from here to Florida or
from here
here to taxes or from Texas to hear now
we have a problem now we have companies
that want to move to Florida to Texas
they don't want to move to new hampshire
point have you taken a beating by the
way you talk about companies leaving you
like a prime example what they've done
to you is incredible but we're gonna
bring up that we're going to make it so
they come back so now we have corporate
inversion where companies like Pfizer
Pfizer to rate companies are moving
outside of the United States because
taxes are too high by the way my bill
and larry cudlow and so many others I
think it's great i put in tax policy
big big cuts for the middle class the
middle class in this country has been
decimated big big cuts for business we
are the highest tax nation in the world
big big cuts right now and it's gonna
pass it's going to go through and get
things done that's what I do I get
things done I do with politicians all my
life will get it passed will get it
passed so I used to talk about that and
then when we had that horrible event in
Paris and we had a horrible event as you
know in california and we had many other
horrible of it I brought up the fact
that we have to now start talking
seriously about radical Islamic
terrorism we gotta talk about it and I
said it I don't just like happened with
the illegal immigration I said it was
heat two weeks later was coming over and
now they're all trying to be tougher
than me nobody could be done but there
are trying to be tougher than me so now
I talked about the whole situation there
is such hatred of their people are
flying airplanes into the World Trade
Center what people are doing all of
these acts not just here all over the
world and I have friends in Muslim they
call me they say you have done a great
service there is tremendous hatred you
cannot solve a problem like that unless
you start talking about we have a
president that will not even discuss it
or talk
about it will use the words he won't say
radical Islamic terrorism it's real it's
a problem and you can't solve the
problem unless you going to be able to
talk about so we've had tremendous
I took a lot of heat and now everybody
is saying thank you so much and it's
under discussion it's a big big problem
and you know what we're gonna get itself
one way the other was gonna get itself
but we can no longer be this stupid
country we can no longer be the country
that's led by incompetent people we can
no longer be the country that takes
Bergdahl a traitor traitor and take him
and take him and swap him for five of
the biggest killers that they have in
the Middle East that they've covered it
and wanted for a period of at least nine
years so make of it
weekend and they get these five killers
that are already back in the battlefield
trying to kill everything in front of
them including us we're not making deals
like that anymore folks when I make it
is like
just to finish off you have to see the
cover of Time magazine last week
amazing amazing cover amazing writer I
never spoke to you know I do better when
I don't speak to the writers when I
speak to him they kill me this was a tie
all given that magazine throated up here
coming week about our majority it's
really not the right its majority people
are angry they're upset they're there
they can't even believe that this stuff
is happening they can't believe it we
are going to make our country's so
strong we're gonna make it so just and
we can have a big heart who gonna take
care of people we gotta take care of
people there are people that can't take
care of themselves
gonna help people but we're gonna make
our country so good with you start
winning we're gonna win with health care
we're gonna win with our military we're
gonna win with our veterans we're going
to win with every single thing we touch
we got a win against china and trade
we're gonna win against Mexico at the
border and with Trey will get a win
against Japan where they send as
millions of cars and we can send
anything of value back to them we got
his start winning again we're gonna win
so much and we are going to make our
country we are going to make this great
great country even greater we're going
to make America great again I love you I
love you

unbelievable unbelievable and thank you
very much mr. record now understand why
they have a record in this room what a
room
wat up place rada place Iowa do we love
it you know we had a big day today
because a lot of polls came out and the
polls were really nothing short of
tremendous we had and it just came in
New Hampshire which is an amazing place
with like you incredible people they
love the country and they want to see
our country be great again that's what
they want they work hard they loved it
and we had 35 percent and the second
place was so far back we won't even talk
about it because I want to be nice
tonight I wanna be nice
in south carolina we had 30% and that
was a tremendous full tremendous energy
tremendous money spent thirty percent
second place again we're gonna be so
nice we be nice or not
little bit so we had thirty percent
that's the Monmouth all-big 12 gravis
national poll just came out
40.1% that's national 40.1% won the
election tomorrow
Coulter's here and can we call for an
immediate election please ok like in so
many other countries I want an immediate
election and alright go out by her book
by the way it's actually a very good
book and so is it true now very
importantly 44 Iowa anybody ever heard
of the corn kernel everybody heard that
corn kernel poll we were at 36% won very
easily and so we had four of them in
that came from the State Fair and I'll
tell you what last week I came to the
State Fair came well equipped in a
helicopter and we took the kids for i's
and O's kids love me those kids and I
love those kids but we had an amazing
time that my pilot said is that enough
mr. Trump after going up and down like a
yo-yo I said nope you gotta keep doing
it so we had we had an amazing time but
you know having gotten that voters I
know it means a lot to the people here
and having gotten that vote is
incredible so here's what's happening a
little bit of a different situation I
think maybe then has happened before a
great journalist called me somebody that
I don't know but somebody that have
great respect for one of the major
newspapers and he said could I ask you
one question how does it feel I should
has what she'll he said this was the
summer of Trump do you believe this how
good is that for my ego is that what
they said
he said i mean and he's really one of
the day the presses who's who is and who
is it but one of the really top people
not even necessarily a fan of mine but I
think he's becoming a fan rapidly he
said how does it feel so I said why do
you ask that question because it doesn't
feel that mean I get a win you know it's
one thing to have the summer of Trump
doesn't mean anything unless we win the
nomination and we gotta beat Hillary or
whoever's running whoever is running
this otherwise it doesn't it doesn't
mean I don't know if you lose like what
does it all matter and he said it
doesn't matter if you win or not what
you've done has never been done you know
nobody's seen what's happened here
nobody's really seen this with the polls
and the enthusiasm in the press and the
ratings and you know why those cameras
are all red lighted because of ratings
if I didn't get ratings wouldn't be here
they wouldn't be here then not nice
people
they don't care about me they don't care
about you they don't care about anything
the only thing they care about his
ratings you know what I did the
apprentice which was a tremendous
success I was hosting Saturday Night
Live and Lorne Michaels came up to me
and it was bedlam it was bedlam the show
is number one it was doing like crazy
and Here I am hosting Saturday Night
Live my mother and father would never
believe this and learn my clothes comes
up to me said this is great he said you
know we learn it won't always be like
this
someday the ratings won't be good and
NBC will call me and they'll say I'm
sorry mr. Trump but the ratings are no
good we're gonna cancel the show and he
looked at me and he said I'll never
forget it he said no there's one thing
wrong they won't even bother to call
true they won't even bother to call and
you know the apprentice was a tremendous
hit NBC renewed his I may be like the
only one or one of certainly like you
can count on one hand that turned down a
major reno effect Mark Burnett said you
got to be kidding you gotta be kidding
you turning down a major renewal equaled
a renewal he said you turning down a
renewal nobody turns it down and I
turned out our new from many many shows
and see the kind of money they paid me
remember you had that certain anchor
that said he doesn't believe it by then
he had to apologize a lot of money that
you earn a lot of money because I told
the heads of NBC the head of comcast is
an amazing guy great guy just call him
steve but I want to tell you he's a
great guy to head of NBC the head of
reality television they came to my
office like five months ago they sat in
my chair she said Donald we want we want
you we love you don't love me so much
any more apt to be on
and I said to him sellers I really want
to run for president
I wanna make America great again through
simple I want to do it and and they
didn't believe me they didn't believe me
and i said im gonna do it and they had
the up-front fee upfront is when they
announce all the show and they said were
announcing renewing The Apprentice with
Donald Trump I still can't believe it I
told them nobody believed me and my wife
actually said to me she said you know
nobody believes you're running as I
looked at it serious mostly less time
but I looked at it but very own
seriously over this but last time I
looked at it pretty seriously and I said
what do you mean if you ever actually
announced you gonna go through those
people like me to actually I'm a nice
person
nobody knows that drew people don't I
tell people I'm a nice person it in some
ways it's not good cause now we're gonna
talk about china and negotiation and I
want to be in this person for that but I
love people I love helping people and my
wife said to me
millennia she said if you run but you
have to announce because if they take
polls nobody's gonna say you're running
right and and knows that and I said well
I don't know and I'll tell you what it
takes courage to run it really does your
really exposing yourself like Greece
honestly a lot of the presses especially
the political pressure to the financial
press has been pretty good to me over
the years in business week magazine they
named me a while ago the best into
people's fall the best negotiator
wouldn't it be nice to have a good
negotiator wanna brag about it just let
it be nice I mean look at what's
happening with China I've been
predicting China I've been saying
China's taking our jobs our money are
based on manufacturing I just told the
press and we owe them think of it
they've taken on money on our jobs and
manufacturing of it if taken everything
is one of the greatest chefs in the
history of the world what they've taken
out of our country they've rebuilt China
and we owe them think of it we owe them
they take everything one point four
trillion dollars how do you do that
that's like a magic how good are they
use negotiated they take everything we
owe them money we owe Japan one point
four trillion same number we are both
1.4 trip for whatever reason same number
the balance the deficits the numbers are
crazy if you look at the deficit we have
with japan the deficit we have with
china to deficit we have with almost
everybody honestly their abusers their
big abuses and by the way I love them
they buy my apartments it's true I on a
big chunk the biggest chunk I own as you
may be no the Bank of America Merrill
lot of people didn't know actually most
people didn't I on the Bank of America
building in San Francisco big big big
chunk and it's a great building from the
Chinese green
they still don't know what happened
but that's what we need right eye on
twelve-ninety big big jump 1290 Avenue
of the Americas many building in Europe
but I do great with the chinese and
they're great people
the problem is the leaders are too smart
for a leaders so it's very simple I'm a
free-trader I believe in free trade
right I like three I like free trade but
three trades only good if you have smart
representatives it's not good if we have
dummies it's not good of our leaders are
incompetent it's not good when they've
never read the art of the deal one of
the great books of all time
second to the Bible but that's way way
way deep second you know how far below
it is somebody held up the book the
other day said that's my favorite book
of all time I said no no don't let me
change my second favorite book this is
what's your favorite at the Bible it's
not even close
people were shocked they were actually
said that but it is the greatest book of
all time the Bible nothing even close so
we have a situation where people that
run for political office and I had to
stay years they do really like chance
and it is something that's not very
pleasant and you read things about
yourself that don't exist very little
good a lot of bad things that aren't
true and I have to tell you with that
I've met some unbelievable really
talented political reporters but I've
also met some very bad ones in very
dishonest and we have to do something
about our country we have to take it
back you know I've been using a term
that hasn't been used in a long time
called the silent majority in the senate
Majority I'm this island and they're
tired of politicians are there any
politicians in the room is where
excluding your fabulous ok but
politicians are all talk and no action
a trip that tired you know I've been
watching bush on the border he's in a
seersucker suit is talking about yes no
yes the anchor baby I shouldn't say
thank you baby you know he puts out a
report saying do not use the term anchor
baby then I used it might pose go
through the roof and now he's using a
good baby and he's taking criticism and
you know the funniest thing is that he's
taken tremendous criticism for using the
term anchor baby and I use it all the
time and nobody cares rice acres this
would be expected from you know right
crazy place but politicians are all talk
and no I saw that little bit of the
debate and I love doing the debate I was
treated very unfairly at that debate to
be honest with you because I want every
poll time magazine we won the polls I so
happy but but I was treated and then i
watch the politicians and the
politicians talk now I have heard that
Jeb Bush was the mentor to Marco Rubio
nice dude nice people I think jeff is a
nice person he's very low energy I'm not
used to that kind of a person
negotiating with Japan negotiating with
China when these people walk in the room
they don't say hello how's the weather
so beautiful outside isn't it lovely how
the Yankees doing doing wonderful great
they say we want deal he jumped out of
the sea but I watched by the way before
I say this who would you rather have
negotiating against china against Iran
what a deal that is ok you talk about
incompetent people against anybody Jeb
Bush Hillary Clinton or drum I think so
you believe me
graded on a speech that I made recently
they gave me always they gave me these
great great day said the one mistake he
makes is that he speaks through the
applause it's true you know what caused
them have time they gave me his
trademark they said his speaking to let
the way I move my hands I never thought
of it they said they love this that but
but they said but he speaks rulers
employers and it's bad for him because
he kills a lot of applause and I thought
about it I said you know that I tried
not doing that but I don't like I want
to get going you know I want to get
things done
everybody here know that
but I don't care I don't care if he's
nice because I want somebody that's
gonna make great deals and make us rich
again and he can't do it
Marco Rubio was not supposed to run
right because he wouldn't run because
his mentor in florida the state of
Florida which by the way I beat both of
them in the post can you believe it is
sitting senator governor and rub his way
the hell up here it's crazy but but
Marco Rubio was all of a sudden he
announced he's running and people
thought it was very disrespectful to a
person that brought him along slowly
brought him along right so beautiful so
what happened and it was interesting I
said oh now those me if I want bush and
I brought somebody along and I am older
than Marco and all of a sudden to guide
the young guys that I brought along said
I'm running against you and it's not my
turn but I don't care cause I'm really
anxious I'm really driven by myself and
I'm running against american I would
really go after that I'd say he's the
most is little guy he's a terrible
person is horrible and I hate him
ok
said to myself not to the rest of the
world but I believe me I wouldn't be so
I saw them on a stage recently and chips
hello Marco said dear friend of mine
he's a dear dear friend he's such a
wonderful person and Marcus I love jeb
you notice yet never uses his last name
why because he's ashamed of it why but
if I were Barca but in particular if I
was Jap I wouldn't say Marcos a good
friend of mine Marco did something that
he wasn't supposed to do he never said
this before and i watch these two guys
and hugging and kissing and holding each
other very much like actually chris
Christie did with the president
hugging and kissing and they're still
proclaiming that great deep love for
each other and I'm saying politicians
oil it's all bull we gotta stop we need
people that are gonna take us to the
promised land
we need people that are going to be
great so again we look at Becks thank
you you look at mexico which is the new
China by the way they're doing great and
what's come out you know a lot of
incoming as Rush Limbaugh said he said
Trump has taken more incoming when I
first announced did was tell the truth
but you look at mexico the new China you
look at fort building a massive planted
you look at other companies from europe
from all over a plant was going to be
built in tennessee big big billion
dollar outta my plan will plant a
sapling built in tennessee and I'm gonna
go to Mexico nabisco holdings in Chicago
have a great building nabisco have a
factory sector that make Orioles I'm
never eating Oreos again ever ever maybe
maybe if I could find some made in the
United States but then closing their big
plant in Chicago and they're moving it
to Mexico what's going to be so where
and why are we doing this why are we
allowing it to happen so what I would do
if I were president I talk to these
people
somebody has to talk to and if you don't
talk to me it's never gonna change never
gonna happen and you can get them to
stay in Chicago you can get them to
build someplace else in the country you
can get for it
believe me to stay in this country now
sometimes it's so unfair
the trade agreements if you look at the
amount of business that's been moved out
about whether to Mexico or many other
countries been moved out it's absolutely
uncontrollable by the people that we
have courage and we can do stooping to
change now let me just tell you I tell
this all the time I go to us I don't
want you I don't want to you know I have
carl icahn ready killer killer I have
other people already have people that is
so nasty so mean so horrible nobody in
Iowa will want to have dinner with them
too horrible human beings I admit their
wall street killers couple of nice like
about two percent but they're the
greatest negotiators in 2010 the best I
know the best I know guys are over rated
I don't guys that are really good I
don't people that you've never heard of
that a better than all of them will get
his job back but I would say let's say
the head of ford and you've heard me say
this to me that's a big abuse two and a
half billion per plant get a big that
plan how many plants do we close to
build a new plant in Mexico two and a
half billion dollars
yeah right so how many pounds do we do
so I would say very simply fellows sorry
gotta move back now when they build
those cars trucks and parts they send
them over
no tax no nothing and they've come up
with a new scheme illegals are gonna
drive the cars over because no true it's
true because it just works so nobody's
gonna check up just drives beautiful
probably keep them and just live happily
for the rest of their lives in the
United States you know but we have to do
something about it now let's say Jeb
Bush as president he's a stupid person I
don't think I don't know what do I but
let's say he's president and you know
it's wrong he's gonna say no no no we
don't want the Ford we don't want to go
with judge attacks because you know the
way you do it you just say judges and
then he's going to be hit by his
lobbyists they gave a million shares got
a hundred and thirty-five forty million
dollars I don't have anything I don't
want anything I don't want money I'm
just taking a little small contributions
for people to send me in what the woman
since $7.32 and I was so in love with a
beautiful letter so it's amazing I like
that possess like an investment
that adds up to the fuel for the plane
trip to Iowa ok it all does but who
cares I don't want them because I don't
want to be controlled last week you
heard me say this I turned down 52
million dollars by a big lobbyists not a
bad person you know tough guy not a bad
person but he gives me five he's not
doing that because he thinks I have
beautiful hair not that then and it is
my hair and is my hair it is that is
actually people don't know that I proved
that you know in Alabama was really hot
it was raining and I added a lot to do
that but but ghetto so we we would go
over and the lobbyists would say no we
gave you millions of dollars mister
president and you owe it to the
lobbyists and after about 10 minutes you
just hope I can't really do that they
really helping my campaign with me
because I know all these guys but they
never did it because I don't want their
money I earn the money that I turned
down so much money I feel like such a
stupid person know it's true
first time my life I feel stupid does it
give me offering me millions like to
give you five million dollars I could
have it right now and I turned them down
I go back as I'm doing the right thing
fact how about I just take a vote how
about if I take all this money and
promised I swear to you that I won't do
anything for these people what about
that no
that's you know that's the way it has to
be because i think one of the things I
like about me is gonna buy me nobody's
gonna fight
and
alright so after about 10 minutes bush
goes out and it says right you could
build a plant built it up so I please
how dare me I mean it was so terrible
that even thought about doing that you
know because you contributed money ok me
different I don't want you in mexico
Mexico I love the mexican people I have
thousands of Mexican people that have
worked for me over the years and even to
this day I mean I love the Hispanic the
spirit I love them very credible people
but we have leaders they can compete
with the leaders do leaders are to spark
so I would say that they had a Ford
sorry I'm not going to approve tax what
every car and every truck in every part
that comes across that southern border
you 35% tax ok that's what's gonna
happen
and this is too easy I don't need any of
the killers that it's going to get them
anyway but this is too easy this is like
this is this is taking candy from like
that beautiful little baby ok so easy so
what happens is they didn't say no no no
and if people call me but these are
people that I didn't take any money I
didn't take anything I don't want their
money so that people call me and i wanna
see that here and I know they'll be
friends of mine maybe I'll say I'm not
address it and I would say let's say
this whole process starts at 12 noon I
would say by four o'clock in the
afternoon the head of ford will call me
and say mister president we've decided
to build in the united states that will
happen will happen if they're really
tough
wait till the next day but I guarantee
you by five o'clock the next day that
they're back and that's great that's
what we need we need jobs we can't keep
giving out our jobs you know college
debt I go over now and I see the vets
are mistreated in this country so badly
believe me you know they didn't like the
most popular person with the vets you
know I built the vietnam memorial in
downtown Manhattan ok and if it's like
me a lot and they did a poll and people
were shocked this is why we would you be
shocked cuz I'm gonna take care of the
other one college college debt it's out
of control and I go around and I see
students and by the way you see what's
happening with the college's I mean you
talk about like what they're doing the
prices of these colleges the way they're
rapidly raising and students are
borrowing money from different bit but
also from the government
the only thing that the government makes
money on college students that's true
then making a lot of money in college
yet and the big thing we need is jobs
and its students come up to me and they
say mr. Trump bombard I can't I can't
even I don't know however paid off this
is somebody that's a junior or senior in
college and they they it's almost like
they have no hope it to me it's one of
the saddest things I've seen in making
the rounds is college students college
debt and they say and then apply for
jobs one was tell me from a very good
actually College in Iowa where I was
great college and they were saying you
know I worked hard I became a great
student I thought I just became one of
the top students in my class I can't get
a job and a lot of a pink jobs so now
they have the debt and they can't get
because China has a judge in japan has a
job and so many other places we don't
have jobs so they get out and there's no
place to go and in a way to do it we're
gonna solve the problem because we're
back to jobs from China and we gonna
bring back to judge from Japan
there but if you look at the deficit the
trade deficit that we have with china
people somehow get a balanced budget
like they can some good deals with China
and Japan look at the trade deficit I
was in Los Angeles two weeks ago I saw
ships that were soaping I've never seen
anything like it
with cars from Japan it pouring off we
sell them actually you so chief this is
one of the benefices beef but honestly
if you have a look at the difference
numbers here it's so it's so crazy we
said we may send cars we said we have
great relationships with these people
you know the amazing thing every country
in the world thinks that the United
States is represented by stupid people
and their right now they're all very
stupid people
and every country in the world in every
country in the world everybody makes
money and a funny thing is we don't get
along with anybody here we have here we
have deals are all bad and everybody
else's I just came in and I'm watching
on television that will really in a very
bad place with russia now we're working
on the Ukraine and I think that's fine
but why is it Europe sort of like
leading that hold charge why we always
leave me when working and I think it's
terrible that's a lot of problems with
sending an F 22 ran to gorge and when we
have fighters are best military people
are going over there and we're worried
about you create I think I think it's
weird but you know Germany is over the
Germany's far richer than we are
Germany's made a fortune we protect
Germany for no money can we protect
South Korea for no money so Germany is
over there right and then did not but
Obama's talking about the Ukraine
Ukraine Germany sitting right let let
these dopey people that care and all the
European country so is sending a fight
is now in north korea you have a
situation where you know he's raring his
head again I just ordered four thousand
television sets a big job that I did and
4,000 they're all made in south korea
don't make him in iowa I wish anybody
make televisions
they don't make them anywhere in this
country
304,000 Samsung LG it's all of it right
there are from South Korea sony's from
japan is good but
but just paid a fortune saying they make
a fortune look at the deficit that we
have with South Korea I love South Korea
level these countries but why is it that
we protect them so this guy raises his
head
nuclear weapon we have been at least we
have 28,000 troops over there right now
which is nothing compared to the median
that they have in north korea bigamy ok
what we do and you know how can we
please we're watching the ukraine we're
watching South Korea will watching
Germany while watching Japan we protect
your PIN we have a treaty with Japan if
Japan gets attacked we have to
immediately go to the Red ok If we get
attacked Japan doesn't have to help us
with this deal that's the kind of deals
with no no that's the kind of deals they
have nothing to do but if they get a
text we have to go over to Japan I yeah
yeah yeah so so we need smart people and
we can straighten this country out we
can make this country so so we can make
it better than ever in my we can make it
better than ever
Saudi Arabia I love Saudi Arabia the
people are very nice to me by my partner
and she wouldn't believe it is true that
pay me anything did nothing but money
they have nothing but money I have a
beautiful plane all of a sudden it
doesn't look so good when I look at some
of them I'm jealous terribly jealous
Arabia they make a billion dollars a day
none offered as I was before the you
know when that but now let's say to have
a pretty good we protect them protection
here we get nothing and every time if
you think in Yemen those folks who have
to Yemen then you leave the room right
now cuz you not very smart young man did
you ever see the border it never ends
its just straight line it never ends and
you know it's on the other side Saudi
Arabia the oil if you think this
stopping at Yemen be looking for the oil
don't forget I'm the one I'm the most
militaristic person I would build a
military so strong so powerful so
incredible nobody would ever use it
nobody would ever happen we would never
have to use it I would have the best
everything you know we have a military
where we give to the allies are allies
were given to the wrong allies by the
way you know that we give it to the
wrong house we don't give to the kurds
we give two people one bullet shot near
2300 humvees armor-plated the best in
the world so I heard they left in one
day they abandon 2300 said no no no you
man
armor-plated the best in the world tom
these 2300 because one shot was fired in
the air
these are the people helping these are
the people helping and now the enemy has
the humvees armor-plated we have the
ones where did not armor-plated and our
wounded warriors who are the greatest
people we have in this country that the
greatest the greatest
and our soldiers are protected and the
enemy is because they have these great
vehicles that they talk and that's just
the humvees you could go into everything
they have the best equipment we have so
we have to get smart and we have to know
what we're doing and I would build I'm
telling you I am so into it but in 2000
and and culture noses in 2004 as much as
I am into the military I love and
respect I'm a huge fan of General Patton
I'm a huge fan of General Douglas
MacArthur to this day he has the highest
marks a person I believe in like marks
and education I think it's great general
douglas to this day has the highest
grades in the history of something nice
nice thing we have to do something and
we have to do it since we have to get
the generals that there was a general
one uses name but he's leaving and they
said to him the other day about Isis on
television
well what do you think about Isis can we
beat them I don't know I don't know I
don't know it's going to be very hard
very hard to be nice and i can you
imagine george patton saying it would be
hard to be hit have am NOT down about
three days and he say where's the next
country where we go from here where
where
General Douglas MacArthur getting out
with this corn cob pipe right out of the
airplane looking over the land that he
just took can you imagine him going to
get too busy fighting they want to win
the two busy winning we don't have
winners anymore winners of this country
have winners now speaking of winners
will know about trade we've covered it
it's horrendous I'm gonna get the
greatest negotiate a treaty can make a
lot of money would be great if we have
the love in business week magazine again
they had a story of the 10 things the
Chinese most want now who's tougher in
the Chinese the night I love them I
respect I just take what they do it was
tough for them to ten things one of the
10 things as anything Trump apartments
and we wanted to see how could that be
possible because maybe they respect me
or maybe they respect us I don't know
anything from ok so we gonna be
respected
we're gonna be really respect we should
have gone to Iraq we did we made a
mistake when we went out we should have
kept the oil and you would have ice is
the leading you wouldn't have it now
people say oh that such a harsh
statement he said take the oil to help
the iraqi government is totally corrupt
Isis is just formed out of Iraq so we
should be done in and then the way Obama
got out was a total contestants and then
I said total catastrophe
and I said
Reuters 2004 July I said don't go in
because if you do that to Iraq and I'm
one that wants to be like I'd love I
love the strength to use it in the right
location if you do that you're going to
allow Iran to take over the could you
gonna decapitate there were two powers
or equal did fight that go ten c10 c10
c10 they rest this goes on for decades
ago 1010 right am i right
so we decapitate one of them now I ran
is as we speak
meeting with iraq to take over the
country and you know who's getting the
oil most of the oil the stuff that I
systems in China you know that china is
getting so much oil and getting you know
we get nothing
thousands of lives wounded warriors
while of all over two trillion dollars
we have nothing in Afghanistan which a
lot of people don't know is very rich in
minerals oil and minerals with fighting
in Afghanistan and a very amazing
mountains and regions with fighting in
Afghanistan over here and on the other
side of the mountain they have massive
from China that taken out all the
minerals as we we need people that are
smart we have people that don't get it
look at the deal we have with a look at
this deal
is going to in my opinion lead to an
arms race the likes of which there has
never been countries are going to line
up for Dokes you gonna have perhaps
nuclear proliferation you gonna see
things that you have never seen take
place in a short period this is a deal
that just the other day it was
determined after months he'll take so
long to go on forever they had all
prisoners we never asked for a prison
about that having a deal is good but we
should have doubled and tripled up the
sanctions and negotiated from strength
to dinner so instead we have carried
that goes on bicycle races the price
increases 72 73 years old and I said it
the last time I spoke I swear to you i
will never enter a bicycle reserve on
president Islip Islip he is in a bicycle
race she falls you breakers like this is
our chief negotiators walked in and they
look at a bike wattage I watched
actually on Charlie Rose I watched a
chief negotiator being interviewed by
Charlie and have 25 minutes I tweeted
donald Trump tweeted I said this guy is
too smart for caring so we have to get
the prison and you know what the excuse
well we didn't ask them we didn't want
to make the deal too complicated
think of it they're fighting us in Yemen
we didn't ask anything about you don't
find us
24 day wait period so if we think
they're doing nuclear we have to wait 24
days but see that's not the worst part
the worst part is that clock doesn't
start ticking could be much as a whole
process i mean they could build and
build a couple of more shoot and by that
time we still wouldn't be in their check
in fact I can just see them sweeping up
the floor painting at battleship grey
you know when I was with my father used
to paint garages battleship way it
always like that would you do know what
I mean by battleship grey shiny
battleship grey I can just see him doing
it so what we doing this crazy so you
have that and then the beauty of all and
you heard it two days ago after years we
just found out that they're going to do
in the most important section didn't do
their own inspections to get around to
do their own inspections did you hear
about this one looks so many guys did
you where the hell have you been for the
last three guys three days ago I heard
nobody knew they are going to self
inspect it is unbelievable that it is
another part we gotta give them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars plus
and even if the deal is approved they
get that no other way they get that
regardless you know when I do a deal
when i buy something that came when i
buy the product whatever the deposit and
right
when the deal closes with paying them
even if the deal doesn't happen I'd
never heard this one before I don't know
who came up with the idea of us have
been carried no we must because I don't
think the Iranians you know the Iranian
Spurgeon's a great negotiate the natural
great negotiate I don't believe they
would have even thought of this because
it's so crazy no true they wouldn't have
actually said let's do this because it's
so far out who would ever think of it
they get a hundred and fifty billion
plus plus even if the deals voted down
into the deal doesn't happen which they
will probably happen because we have a
lot of weak people that are going to
prove that just like their probe
Obamacare you know you elected people
though in a knockout Obamacare they got
to washington something happen I
promises I'm gonna happen if something
happens in Washington they get elected
they are really gonna do a job they're
all enthused and Obamacare we're gonna
fight to end this horrible thing with
the five billion dollar website that
doesn't work to this day by the way I
billion I have about 40 websites like
Nicholas me three dollars and they work
and go to washington they look at these
beautiful buildings and all of a sudden
they become an appropriate word I think
so they become just it doesn't work but
those two together something happens and
look where I'm working on a car parts of
course I gotta vote for Obamacare is no
wonder what I'm doing but they got
elected to not get out what happened to
these people what happened so something
happens when people get elected and go
to washing the beauty of washing I'm
building as you know president Obama is
in charge of government services were
tremendous people by the way they really
are they're very talented people that's
because it kills me they didn't choose
me probably would be saved but they are
talented people they're great people and
we're doing a great hotel where the
greatest hotels I think it'll be one of
the greatest hotels anyone but everybody
wanted it one of the most sought-after
pieces of property rights back on
pennsylvania between Congress and the
White House best location for the real
estate people they know this like any
time you get a post offices could get to
the post office was always defers the
old post office in washington D C so
it's being converted to Trump
International Hotel gonna be great and
just take it then I got it from the
Obama administration
what we're doing a great job and here's
the thing we're ahead of think of this
compare this to government we're way
ahead of schedule and under budget
you know we have a great country we have
a country with tremendous potential the
potential to the people of the potential
we have great people we have problems
all over the place but their problems
that can be solved we have to
incentivize people we have to give
people spirit when President Obama was
elected one thing I thought would happen
I really thought he would be a unifier
you look at Baltimore you look at
Ferguson you look at st. Louis the other
night you look at Chicago you look at so
many different places and you look at
what's happening with the
african-american youth it's never been a
worship never you look at what's
happening with so many other aspects of
our country and there's a racial divide
there's a divide period this hatred all
over the country I've never seen it like
we have to unify the country we have to
spirit eyes we have to create jobs we
have to do a tremendous amount of work
but it could be done quickly I will say
this if the right person is not elected
come next year I don't know if it can be
brought back again no matter how
competent and capable the person too
good to be true far down the line
that's going to be too far down the line
just in closing and you don't normally I
do questions but this has been such a
good time and everyone's had heard such
a brilliant speech you know I was with
Elton John Elton John deter do anybody
like a lot of times like they'll do this
last song and it's so great it's so
unbelievable the places standing and
going incredible and then they'll be
like to come back to like three boys and
three rd is good and people go good
let's get out of here Alice so you know
you like to leave on a high note and I
just like this but I have a thank you I
love you too thank you but but you know
I have a statement I say it all the time
and I told the story once before and
it's that the american dream is dead but
I'm gonna make it bigger and better and
stronger than ever right
but when I got home one night and my
wife and the problem I have with tell it
like they're all live what do I do every
night I'm on live television I'm
supposed to make speeches how do you
make the same speech I try and change it
up but every night CNN Fox MS NBC
everybody look at them they're all live
it's not fair
no doubt
these are the guys that go around and
make a speech in front of 21 people
nobody cares they can make the said they
read the same state they had a DDD Dave
teleprompters I say we should outlaw
teleprompters for anybody right for
anybody anybody running for president
you should be you know how easy that
would be instead of this I'm working my
ass off ok instead of this I could just
end up ladies and gentlemen thank you
very much as wonderful to be an Iowa you
know everybody's gonna fall asleep in
half an hour we leave no mistakes no
problems but I walk in but they're
always like these guys I think we're
gonna kill let's not canceling them a
little bit by the way they get a
phenomenal ratings that's why they live
they getting phenomena rating and you
know in the old days when I was with the
apprentice they paid me a lot of money
they don't pay me anything you know for
the debate with 24 million people
normally they have like two million
people right when you say and two
million if they're lucky they had 24 I
won't take credit for but believe me a
hundred percent its me a hundred percent
through the ratings came out they were
so big and so much it was the biggest
trading in the history of cable
television or something like that and
you know i was little be used but that's
ok so what happens if it's not me that I
should go to CNN during the next debate
and I should say to jeff zucker a great
coach Jeff I'm gonna do the debate but I
want two million dollars for charity
American Cancer Society age will pick
ten great
otherwise I'm not going to the debate
and honestly I think they'd pay me I do
I'm 200% for charity but it might not
look right I don't know and I have to
think about it I thought I like it does
anybody like that idea that we go to
roger else is a great guy at Fox you
know they did so great at CNN you did so
good at Fox at like 12 15 18 all for
charity but I'm thinking about it I am
thinking about it believe me so I got
home though my wife says to me you know
what are you doing what are you doing it
was a horrible thing you said you know I
said why what you said the American
dream
turn on the television TV was wonderful
and i turn it on and they have it cut
its the American dream is dead but I
said what a terrible state but what I do
say and I say it all the time the
American dream is to a large extent it's
in trouble but we're going to make it
bigger and better and stronger than ever
before and we are going to win the
nomination and we had to get the
greatest people that have ever represent
we did you get the smartest toughest
best people to represent us against the
world and we are going to make our
country so great again you're gonna be
so proud of it and it's an honor to be
with you tonight and I really look
forward to being with you for many many
years to come
thank you
thank you very much thank you very much
thank you thank you

thank you very much is amazing and I
want to thank bill and Travis ways bill
addresses they own this place they gave
us a very good deal you know what it is
nothing more I thank you fellows thank
you very thank you very much beautiful
nice facility nice facility they said
they've never had anything like this
before I should we went to 34 places and
every time would sign up it was so many
more people than we thought it was just
an amazing experience and you know we
all started in Phoenix where I had that
big event we had a big event thank you
thank you I love you I love you folks
you know we all want the same thing we
want to make America great again I mean
it's like the same less sure nobody
wanted to be less I know but nobody is
this threat is a very a political crap
now we had a little debate so I'll bet
you they get big ratings that unites all
that then as soon as you're ready to go
through the roof
I think next time I won't do it I wanna
maybe not do the next debate just to see
it but these debates have been become
super bowls in a sense it's been amazing
you know that last cycle no network even
one of the debates they were considered
a wasteland nobody watch it very few
people watching and now Fox had 24
million when she's now actually higher
with the final numbers but 24 million
the largest ever and cable television
CNN at 23 million the biggest event in
the history in terms of numbers in terms
of people watching in the history of CNN
CNN all fairness they cover wars they
cover last two different things some
problems some big events in the history
of CNN 23 million according to CNN was
the biggest event they've ever had and
you know what I get out of it
nothing not safe and thank you thank you
for years ago nobody did you remember
that have a choice
anybody even watch so we have to take
advantage of all weekend you know so
last night was interesting because I
made a place so much easier
someone she's here you know it's hard to
say either run as an independent and say
you know I just got a poll where I'm at
doesn't make a lot of sense audit
colleagues now and you know it's amazing
to me
amazing you know I did meet the press
couple of months ago and I was doing
ration of 11 number one by the way since
I went there all talking about it in the
history of politics they say this isn't
me it's the people who I don't trust
worth and but yeah I go through this all
the time and he always said although
today I think the fact that I did Bill
O'Reilly had no choice but to follow but
they never show the crash says you know
that right I always talk about go home I
did you have many people because they
just don't show the quest to show my
face they never show that unless and I
used to think the cameras were like
fixed that they can you know modern
cameras a lot of they don't work like
the old cameras right and then all of a
sudden will have like a protester in the
back corner and you see these cameras
twisted like a pretzel is unbelievable
but I think to look at all of them back
they look at those cameras they are the
worst people
OIC
the worst very just under 70 75 percent
sure very good but you have sOooo many
dishonest reporters I i've never said in
fact it's almost amazing to me cause I
consider myself to get the worst
publicity and yet I got this message
lead and it tells you two things they're
just honest and the people are really
smart they will get stories that is so
bad and then come back Mr Trump's are
you opposed just went up seven points
out that be possible people get it they
know the presses design has it's a it's
all Big John job so it's one of those in
fact in Phoenix
you remember the crowd was anybody right
it was like this it was we had fifteen
thousand people they reported it as your
thousand than 2,000 and then what's his
name but he said she's done so now he's
gone he he lost it when he said
killer is fine with a message is not
fine with that was really breaking the
law folks ok so he doesn't get big
crowds anymore but he was there a little
bit before or after his pitches his dad
Mike his grad was much later than mine
in a lot of people but it was much
lighter and they say it wasn't rough
that it matters but it's justice on the
street 41 of those things ok now last
night so I had jet come at me you know
low energy
now I'm standing there and all of a
sudden I hear this in a dog like he just
the way his pollster told him to say
that I hit back very very hard but look
we need strong people we need scharping
we are being kill we are being beaten by
everybody we're not winning anymore
knight-ridder stuff I say we are winning
anymore we don't live on trade we don't
win against the military are vets are
being mistreated so badly a tolerable
horrible so I just want to go over there
so here we are ready
they're complaining Ashley don't
complain you're going to be the only
ones that he was going to see on
television you know in a certain way
down the best location you'll be happy
tonight when you watching youself on
television show last night they do all
these polls and it's great they pull
everything you know it's amazing to me
the candidates go out and spend hundreds
of thousands of posters right I don't I
get a lot of money and it doesn't matter
I like unlimited campaign and yet now
figure this this this so jet bush to
this point has spent over forty million
dollars per its he's at 22 donald Trump
told this point has spent $211,000 I
don't even know why I spent it I think I
wanted to give something
number one by a lot by 27 30 points I'm
a lot of things when it be nice if we
could do that for a country so I spent
the leash and I have the best result
i'd like our students where we're number
one in the world by far in terms of cost
per pupil and when number 28 in the
world
ok you're right I think I like that guy
right but not think of it because it's
like the reverse so I spent the least
not gonna spend a lot of money but I was
going to add up to this point
35 million dollars I thought I'd need to
spend you know what do I know and these
guys you know as much as I can't stand
of the kidney oldest free publicity
right by putting that on people would
get sick to sell my god we had the whole
program and now we have it we actually
please don't put the yet we actually
called network please don't put that it
you know they cut you short stroll hour
and then every 12 minutes they have an
ad for truck doesn't work so I was going
to have 35 million up literally right up
to this point and I spent nothing I
haven't spent anything but we're ready
to spend I mean we're ready to spend and
we could spend a lot and I think we're
gonna win Ohio well we just came out
where we're leading in Iowa now which is
a great place but I love because it just
came out
drudge now this is with 15 people right
registration al-qaida stretch great guy
he's a great guy so they do these online
polls with hundreds of thousands of
people so they don't somebody was not
reliable baby trump hundreds of that you
think I'm gonna have to sit there make
hundreds of thousands of phone calls and
then they reported anyway if I win
because of my window we bought it they
have these guys like george will you
fall asleep listening to discuss it in a
way the little spectacle she wouldn't
even be bright nobody would think this
is George I mean I gotta tell you brad
Henry terrible he is so unfair to me he
is the worst he is the worst and I'm not
allowed to criticizes I'm going to be
very nice crowds have a terrible he's
terrible you have a guy named Steven
Hayes I never even heard of this guy
when my name
is mentioned just like he's up Lily goes
crazy now part of the reason is they all
said I was never gonna run by and then I
ran this other file formats basically a
single page when you signed your life
away and I went like this
let's go then they said well maybe he's
not as rich as everyone thinks he'll
never file as financial and if he does
he'll file a min two years from now
you'll a lot of extensions I filed ahead
of schedule in less than 30 days almost
a hundred pages and of presley's down
there they said they'd never seen
anything like it they was cowering does
believe me I want to be running unless I
was really rich as they would it kill it
and they end by the way you haven't read
what report that I built a great company
I don't a tremendous company very little
detriment to schedule the best Asus and
the only reason I say I'm not saying
because it sounds terrible in a certain
way I don't want to break but that's the
thinking we need in this country we have
19 trillion in debt we have 19 trillion
dollars in debt we built the story
$3,000,000 gas station in Afghanistan
and it doesn't even spell the right gas
ok 43 million you think you can build a
gas station for slightly less now you
look at the things the money we spend a
billion dollars to build a hospital I
mean you could build seven hospitals so
that we could take care of her for money
we have such still people leading US I
used to say they're incompetent I didn't
want to use the stupidest to crude they
don't know I went to an Ivy League
school I really like a smart guy my
uncle is at MIT was a professor for
years they didn't believe it they went
to check dr. John I actually think you
was there for five decades MIT was one
of the great engineers scientists and
you know it's like really good but when
they talk about us they talk about us
like we know the smartest people these
are the people that made our country
great
originally these are the great people
great people and we're going to take our
country back and we're gonna turn it
around and we're gonna run it smart
they'll run $100 duran listen to this
and this just heard this morning so we
give a hundred and fifty billion dollars
to her and they self inspect their big
site though it will make it into their
cell can you imagine you call them we
are you making news ok well the shack
that call dumps and then this think of
this and then they have to 24 day where
I have 21 days before the clock starts
ticking you have to go through all
processes can be forever before you get
there and you know the other thing look
at it it's more important than anything
and have a good deal is good for him I
could just tough it is but another thing
that gets more prisoners they wouldn't
even get him out so I've been
complaining about this from a long
before they did the deal yet the
prisoners out so now the deal is done
and what do I hear this morning on
television that we're now starting a
brand new separate negotiations with the
procedures and a what many prisoners
that we have over here for the four
think about it think about it now think
about it so now they want to start a
whole new negotiation that we should
have three years ago when this stupid
negotiations began you go any said
before we start we want to preserve as
they say no we say that's ok you leave
the room you double up the sanctions
they call you back within 48 hours I
don't say you got your prisoners think
of it we just gave them the greatest
deal what are the greatest just in the
history of countries we made them a
powerful rich nation they going to now
have nuclear energy and have to waste
their time making it with the money we
gave them they can buy nuclear why they
gonna make it they can buy whatever they
want you don't think north korea's
probably calling help help help we need
money will give you some milk we are
thus we are led by the stupidest people
have ever so I can't even imagine so now
here's the thing I want I can even watch
it I can't even listen to it so now they
want to do a new negotiations for the
prisoners and all we had to do said we
want and they want a lot and one of the
guys said from her n we want a lot
it drives all of us that's why we're
here you know they used to talk about
the silent majority will not silent
anymore folks
Hillary Clinton is a disaster
she's going to be just as God forget her
and Obama helped get us into this mess
with the migration highways let's go
into libya let's go his house she's
doing she wakes up in the morning I will
not say that she puts her pants suit
because that's what she does I'm not
gonna say I'm not saying it I will not
say that she wakes up in the morning she
goes out
Shogun a new hampshire one day a week
something you haven't notice should do
something totally stage of it for people
she's always sitting around a little
plastic table there's like four people
nice people out of a thousand people
they fit the floor nice as yesterday's
really innocent questions and that she
believes that she goes back to sleep for
a week and I'm telling you I'll tell you
we're in the foxhole just came out and
the fox hole was very strong that aidid
hurt easily by Peter easily
and and honestly honestly and look what
I did the bush I haven't even started on
hillary
Bush here now he's doing another
commercial use negative commercials on
me he's doing a commercial where he is
what he said last night but he doesn't
put what I said to him and what it is
and it's a big problem in terms of
running for office because you know
these super PACs are scam there is a
horrible thing that totally corrupt one
of the super PACs it was written about
last week in Los Angeles Times a race
six million dollars by the time all of
these guys took their cut they ended up
with a hundred and forty thousand
dollars left with a campaign that's
better than that's better than being a
real estate broker right right we have
so many things we can do and I'll tell
you the thing I really look forward to
doing some of the people in this age I
really like you saw last night that Ted
Cruz was very nice to me and I was nice
to him actually most of the people most
of the people were nice to me last time
it was pretty good you know I went in
this stuff to you because I heard all of
them are going to come out right
fourteen of them were gonna be coming up
and I was prepared but I said this could
be unpleasant international millions of
people and out of the the 1400 jet that
I guess Rand Paul just an average chance
by the way what is Rand Paul doing you
know whether you like his politics and
his father had a certain spark right you
know there was a little sparkle red
doesn't have that spark ran doesn't have
this book and I love kentucky is one of
the great places but I don't get it you
know how to get reelected in Kentucky I
don't get it i dont know is he gonna be
primary is somebody gonna run against
him as we do want a republican but you
gotta be primary something but he's a
guy but the father had a spark and he
had something special like this but he
had something special rain doesn't have
a choice other than those two and it was
really even occasions
surprised he's gotten beaten up pretty
badly said you know what it's easier to
be nice to truck right it's easier less
costly but he was nice and we had a good
show
drudge 46% that's had a fifteen people
so that means I got 46 percent
time magazine believe me I don't control
too I was on the cover for five weeks
ago they should pick before the first of
the year but they did you know it's
coming from me that these panels and
virtually and i said im never gonna get
it because I'm not establishment but
every panel that I saw on television
when time was even though the magazine's
going down the tubes and so does the
cool thing most magazines are going down
into a fair to say that it's great to
watch these guys go down the tubes but
you know what time magazine so that
straddles and five people around you
know all the political battles and
almost everybody even my enemy said no
trouble getting his he's done something
that's ever been done before they have
been done before folks and we're really
doing is really a movement what we're
doing is a movement so they said drugs
gonna win I said I love my wife i said
im done never do it it's just like the
apprentice for the first three seasons I
should've gotten the apprentice got the
number one got tremendous ratings it was
the hottest thing I did pick these shows
that were established Amazing Race you
fall asleep watching their operations
are sleeping because of that
establishment Hollywood I'm not as that
should politically Showtime magazine a
woman who's destroying Germany she let
the migration come right into German
she's destroying Germany and if I have
to work with her little while do just
fine but I'm telling you what she did
was wrong they should have done a safe
zone in Syria had a big beautiful fat
safe zone and stop all this nonsense
and I honestly if you work for Obama and
Hillary you probably wouldn't have even
had the migration they are so
incompetent
time magazine time magazine 49% 51%
charities that come 49% USNews and will
be put 69% PBS public radio's PBS 69%
this is who want it is 69% the blaze
well he doesn't like me very much it's
ok who cares I don't even know who he is
very 8% milos 1 Washington Times trade
paper 62% CBS Philadelphia 59% Fox 5 Las
Vegas 62% that's what it is i mean you
know by the way I just read I just read
every single home those are all the
online post and wanted a bit and then
you'll watch he's actually did what you
know when you're on television you tend
to watch no matter who you are but I
went home and i must say for the most
part even the haters they thought he did
well one or two said well I think you
have a particularly great night these
people are brutal but who cares so what
are the reasons we've done so well here
is because we are going to stop illegal
immigration you have to
we have to if we don't stop it we don't
have a country folks we don't have a
country we don't have a country and you
know I have his big hard as anybody here
I have his big hard as anybody it's like
with the migration help them let's do
something but we can't let them come
over almost more important than anybody
did you see yesterday's story about cell
phones and flags and also to beheadings
and trying to pictures on their cell
phones first of all people in a
migration having cellphones that was the
first question I mean who trade for
those cell phones where they coming from
who they call it these days people can
you imagine many many many cellphones
why where do they get cell phones who
pays a monthly bill what are they go
don't they get filled by the phone
company or something how I guess you
know friend of mine said you know they
have flags and he was talking about the
ISIS legs and also the beheadings and
everything so but I should something
different
wow I never thought of that you right
now they have cellphones so we're not
letting them come in and if they are
here when I get here they're all going
back they have to they have to
back so we're going to mexico is going
to pay for the wall and I love Mexico
and I love the mexican people in a style
that works for me and they're incredible
workers with incredible spirit and a lot
of me and I'll tell you why in the state
of Nevada they recently did a poll and
I'm leaving with a strategy because I'm
going to produce jobs I'm going to take
our jobs back from China and Japan and
Mexico and all these other places and
you know what extent are here legally
and that got went through a process
those people are all that for me because
they don't want their jobs taking they
don't want their house taken they don't
want to be overrun by people pouring
across the borders and one of the first
thing I do probably the first thing I do
is the good thing about an executive
order what's a good thing I could walk
inside and that's the end I have to go
through Congress Obama never goes to
congress you know it just isn't credible
so I'm a Republican but I'm so
disappointed the republicans when we got
majority when we got majority did you
think it would be different
some guy or woman gets elected they go
through how we're gonna stop Obamacare
when a repeal it and refine I am going
to do that violates gonna be debt
not to worry too much it's gonna die in
seventeen unless the republicans work
out a rescue plan which will probably do
if I'm not there I will tell you
Obamacare is dead in seventy you know
the wrong people are signing up its
almost doctors are leaving I have a
friend he said dr. he's a young guy he's
leaving the profession he said I have
more accountants and have nurses more
Italians emerges so anyway we are going
to take care of Obamacare we're gonna
get rid with it and make this place is
going to be unbelievable and it should
go fast but I'll tell you what can
happen we can't go through another four
years of this company and stupidity
weekend which we can't do it so what do
you get rid of that but the wall is so
important and you know it does work all
you have to do is ask your friends in
israel it works it's really effective
but I need to trump all I don't mean a
wall that you will not go over you can
get through I mean height of this
building how high you still here man
Travis how I just cause you're talking
about a little bit higher than that
meaning if you get up there man is no
way to get them and it's gonna be a
beautiful wall because someday they'll
name in afternoon I wanted to be viewed
through a straw and is going to work and
to have people come in when you have a
particular people come in but they gonna
come in legally the company only
and was gonna bring our country back
into its really having a huge impact and
you know one of the people that I've got
enough got in there so many people
students and professors and college has
caused you know student debt used to
work in that way to work and everything
works on everything I mean there's
nothing we can work on this is nothing
in this country guy said last night
at a lot I wouldn't want to be the enemy
and have a lot of those suckers coming
we just don't know how to use it we
don't have the whole thing is different
but one of the people that have gotten
to know who's one of the great great
people
the illegal immigration has caused
tremendous crime has caused tremendous
debt it's caused economic hurt as you
know because a lot of jobs are being
taken and and our citizens and get those
jobs and again we have people come in
and when you have if there are certain
areas like a great period I know a lot
of the folks up there and they say you
if we can get will do some of these
programs we get people up we're not
gonna hurt industry we don't want to
hurt businesses will get people will get
the people in it are people don't want
to take the job and I have said that you
know there's people that don't want
certain jobs and I get it but we're
going to get the people that make this
country so dynamic my tax plan on
cutting the hell outta taxes for the
middle class
businesses and business corporations are
gonna bring the trillions of dollars in
Arab side of the country they're gonna
bring into the use of here but one of
the people I got to know and he's a
friend of mine and he had a horrible
thing happens his son Neil Shah you may
have seen him it's just been amazing and
whatever is around us into me a favor
say a few words will explain what
happened with an illegal immigrant who
killed his son viciously and violently
and you become a friend of mine and he's
here with us and let me bring about
jimmy has come on
2008 daily street dog by an illegal
alien gang banger 18 Street gang banger
he was on his third gun charge now we
hear people talking about banning guns
but you have an illegal alien on his
third gun charge never been deported he
was released he was in jail for assault
with a deadly weapon battery on a peace
officer resisting arrest
ok eight months in the county jail for
that for months early that day he got
out there were according to the sheriff
but then in LA county he said that she
know gang member to legal aid gangs and
gang members the shaft collars ordered
him out into the streets to say they get
out because you want to be a liability
so the same day he got out he was told
to go in my neighborhood plastic you
must learn was with me and myself went
to love football training in Pasadena
and he was getting recruited from
Stafford Virginia texts I mean it was
really beautiful thing you know i mean
we did seventeen years of hardcore
practice in China get a scholarship and
we were there we we had we had a bad day
that David came home from the train est
go to the mall he is doing one of those
whom all hang out with friends but I'm
leaving though on the day before
yesterday go to a party of course I said
no but you know why I know day I might
happen next day you know
way home from the way home from the gym
where are you had a couple minutes
a minute later heard two gunshots really
really loud so I knew that my house I
called his phone see where he was
didn't answer my heart was I knew it was
you know I walked outside the history
there will be industry day street she
said you guys are there in my
neighborhood looking for money
driving the girl driving the car never
you been doing she met him in a jail he
pissed him and one of his friends in the
money to drive 2012 guys 2010 guys will
use the money that was my next door
neighbor testified every time I saw my
street as it will come into my
neighborhood and it took the girl to
perot Rapallo we want the children right
here you know that that spider-man that
you know what they saw and she said no
I'm going on in my house
donated notice when he was coming so he
went to a neighbor's house knocked on
his door and on the way back to his car
so he wouldn't put a man on the street
when he put the guy now and why he
wanted a corner of 45 and stomach you
didn't match 7000 45 math test he was
laying on his back corner stable hands
and it I saw him through his hand into
his head it was vicious
unless of course I ran outside even
today I told you I just told him the day
before and you know I don't believe you
know and that's what we need done which
because donald Trump is going to make it
safe again you know
donald Trump down on drug is now made
especially European my son is dead I
can't fix day I was but I have a another
seventeen years old he was a two-time
now he's 17 date me know you owe your
brother now you know and his release a
truck was only person to have reached
out to me out of all the politicians of
the black politicians have a nobody
cares it's all about illegal aliens I
care about you don't care about us as
americans throw to first we need that he
is he is this is why do we have to be
under the suppression radians and their
duty and American Dream and we can
American Nightmare you know it's not
fair and only way you can see is without
a truck I don't see no the way it was
there it would happen before going on
that he's here and we have to make sure
it happens and safe and we stand in the
way I do because I believe that he was
just thank you
is amazing is amazing so many colleges
wanted to son as he was a good student
who was a great football player and
Camille broke his hand hitting a
concrete was so upset and so you know
you could imagine is just a very amazing
guy and with an amazing family put some
of the members of his family over sister
and his mother and it's just we gave me
right in that plane he said I said have
you written in one like that he said not
yet I said you can ride it whatever you
want but he is a special man believing
gotta take care of our people we gotta
take care of us so we're going to
straighten things we're going to take
trade back from China within a make
money now
last year we had a trade deficit of over
500 billion dollars with china and then
we honored China and we have nothing but
problems that they don't do anything
with us in North Korea they have total
control over north korea
talking about I ran a red have to worry
about under president they won't have to
promise you that doesn't matter what the
agreement said I'm at the violate that
agreement slightly you don't mind you
they will have to but China we have
tremendous power of china but we all
know that because we have people that
had no business going to have to do is
look at the iran deal will weaken them
two hundred and fifty billion dollars at
all of those things that's right the art
of the deal they are the man my man over
there good I'll try signing
thank you but we have to do something we
have to use our hedge so we have $500 a
year in trade deficit shy and we have
way over 75 big hit with AV dollars here
trade deficit with japan with mexico the
number is enormous
that's why these politicians get up the
other day and they said will never build
the wall of course they will make it a
fortune to was peanuts compared to what
they make it but you have to know they
have no business ability whatsoever and
I like they have no business ability
whatsoever and some like Jeb Bush and
others are not strong enough they don't
have the power they don't have whatever
it takes
they don't have it and you know what I
don't want to be a nasty guy but I don't
care anymore we have to get the right
people and I don't care I don't care and
we can have a continuation of the
stupidity of this in companies we can't
do it well we have Caroline Kennedy
negotiating trade pact with Japan I want
Carl Icahn I want the killers of Wall
Street to do it and they all want to do
it they don't want anything they wanted
their ego makes you want to do it some
of them actually love the country and
you know what some of them are not nice
people who cares who cares so we're
gonna take factory was gonna take bank
jobs you know we don't we have lost so
much if you look at what hey everybody
beaches but China is really don't have
been talking about this for 10 years
we're going to take back trade we're
gonna take back jobs and you know what
china's gonna like it better than before
and it was a what are we gonna do
along with people believe that fact they
say you go with democrats are
step-by-step I'm a world class I have to
get along with everybody I get along
with everybody it's my job but now I'm
running against somebody that's really
shouldn't be allowed two runs
should be allowed to run there's no
reason the cheese AP how was he able to
run when Petraeus his rifle is destroyed
and he did 5% what she did how was she
able to run now worry we'll be going
into will be gone but we're gonna bring
jobs back to bring trade was gonna make
trade a friend of mine I tell his story
all the time excavator he dig dig dig
foundations and structures he did extra
made a tremendous excavator and he buys
a lot of equipment and he always put
capital by the way I look what's
happened to that shocked and I was
telling the story year ago so I
predicted it just like I wrote that
Osama bin Laden in my book the America
we deserve I read about Osama bin Laden
in the year 2000 before the World Trade
Center get knocked down it's pretty good
right but he's an excavator
me these very disappointed as you what's
wrong he said I just ordered a
tremendous amount of equipment from
Japan its net income up to I said how is
he said it's good it's not as good as
caterpillar but it's very good but they
cut the ending manipulated the currency
could do anything else I owed it to
myself and my family I could do anything
else about it that's what's happening
and I see it and look at caterpillar
stock I should just two years ago
look what's happening jarred come our
companies are being decimated by
currency manipulation and we have
politicians that don't even know what
the words mean we have a politician that
won't even talk about radical Islamic
terrorism you will not issue the term
and how you solve a problem if you don't
want to even talk about it and I've had
friends of mine that I muslims I have
great relationships with bush's I have
partnerships with was and they called me
up the other day they said not all of
them but they called me up some very
prominent and they say you have done a
tremendous
service at all I'm doing is we have to
figure out folks what the hell is going
on we have some really bad stuff
happening and they called me up and they
said Donald you've done as the service
you really have done a great service and
I was surprised to hear him say it but
they don't much more than we do have a
problem and we've got to solve the
problem but you can't solve the problem
if you put yourself in a corner and
don't want to discuss it you can't do it
so we're gonna solve a lot of problems
we're gonna take that trade back we're
gonna be tremendous you know sworn is
building a tremendous plant in Mexico
right we don't get anything that closing
plants in Michigan what are we doing how
does that benefit us they gonna build in
Mexico then mexico's gonna make cars
trucks and parts and they gonna send
them a judge would like the stupid
people not gonna happen that pesto is
running a big factory from Chicago to
mexico I'm never eating Oreos again i'm
telling never gonna guess I'm not eating
that kinda stuff is not which is not
good but then I couldn't do that and we
did it to us up jobs in factories they
gonna pay tax when they said that struck
back into the united said she was going
to build this big big plant from
farrakhan company is all set the deal
was all done all of a sudden they
announce its a great state incredible
people I mean I have rallies in
Tennessee you wouldn't believe it all of
a sudden they announce its going to
mexico it's not going to Tennessee we're
not gonna let that crap happened without
letting it happen
alright we want jobs we're not gonna be
the people that are lit by stupid people
and we're embarrassed to almost a person
the other day is a terrible thing to say
that person was in Europe they were
embarrassed to say that from the united
states can you believe this can you
believe it you know in the old days my
daughter was anybody have a great person
but she said you know daddy when she was
in Europe as a little girl she said a
lot of things were made in the USA this
a made in the USA and that was quality
and I remembered as some of you remember
it made in the USA
detonated Japan that was cheap stuff
that we have made in Japan level it was
garbage now it's like you don't see i
don't even though we have sides say made
in the USA I haven't seen them do they
use that side of the ball and she said
in Czechoslovakia which was communist
they would take a dollar bill and people
would scotch tape it to the windshield
of the car because there was so amazed
and so proud of America they just wanted
any civil and they take dollar bills and
scotch tape because they had I guess two
words that pride and respect for our
country we don't have that anymore
without respected by anybody anymore
that's why we have tragic this look
everywhere I go I'm crowds like this
everywhere everywhere we have the
biggest crowds by four because this
isn't just like let's go and have a good
time somebody said Oh trucks and great
entertainers at a lot of books yet I'll
tell you we have a message we have a
message and the messages we don't want
to let other people take advantage of
this I was we have rebuilt china we've
rebuilt it you go to China now they have
bridges like the George Washington
Bridge all over the place that's like
this full bridge all over the place we'd
rebuilt it with the money they've sucked
out here
think of it think of it they take our
jobs they take our manufacturing they
take on money they take place and we
right now
China 1.5 trillion dollars like a magic
act is happening with me I have
endorsements from incredible people to
people that I want you know I don't care
of a guy like Jeb Bush never do it
wouldn't bother me at all I think it's a
negative if you will but I have guys
like Carl Icahn a great business guy we
need those guys have to go and put the
AG's to work and she always how great
their nobody can beat our business
people have the greatest in the world
but we don't use them we use political
hacks we use donors we used special
interests of make deals in order that
their companies and their countries are
taken care of that's what we do so you
know I'm self-funding ok I'm sofa I'm
putting up my own money I mean when I
fly in that place believe me it's
expensive I think for ok but you know
what I tell you a lot of people and I
didn't think it was that big of a deal
and I had people to change you have no
idea what it is I many of us I have
turned down two dollars people wanted to
put money into this campaign and two
packs have turned it down I actually
feel a little money money money money
turn it down and when I go to Iowa
Hampshire and South Carolina and tell
them like the people go crazy it's a big
deal about all this money
supposing I took it and I swear to you I
will not be guided by the people that
they all sit up and started pulling on
it and the right so amazing things that
happen
35,000 people in Mobile Alabama we had
twenty thousand people in the Dallas
Mavericks arena it was an unbelievably
like three days four days to fill it up
we had twenty thousand people in
oklahoma in iowa and we have the biggest
crowds by many times it and I couldn't
say it with all those things because you
know you have deadlines but at the most
incredible i dont Iowa New Hampshire go
to South Carolina unbelievable to say it
this way no matter where we go I call it
we because it's we were all together Sat
me when I started this journey
good president that I can tell you but
when I started this journey in June I
was really focused on trade and China
Japan and Vietnam that's another one now
they're doing a number on it took a lot
of jobs out of business and they're all
doing everybody's doing the number like
that big bully dummies it doesn't know
what the hell they're doing but when I
shot in the drug trade and was about the
border and because I'm so strong in the
blood and nobody can be stronger than me
and you know you haven't noticed how
these guys are opening their all week
they were members of a gang of eight you
know the gang of eight come on it folks
right now the role and they were all
sent home with terrible language with
truck now they're all coming trying to
be more and more
they can never get more so than me
because I know how to do it I gotta get
these guys every one of them said you'll
never get to me it's easy when they said
no one gonna make it three hours so you
not everybody should be able to
negotiate with them as well I don't want
to sit and watch a three hour debate to
ours is better I could debate for 25
hours for help once the lights for three
hours so they said you'll never be able
to get out of innocent guess I will I
called ahead of CNBC 33 minutes and we
had a two-hour debate so here it is
folks in a nutshell the trade stuff is
easy and I i thought so much fun jump
eres tu vienes tires not this country
but say paris and by the way it's none
of those people that were slaughtered in
Paris with $132 many more going to die
that decimated their there as we have in
california more going to die there in
very bad shape we have 14 dead more
going to get some of those people
Paris probably the number one place in
the world for gun control Paris and
French you have a gun unless you're a
bad guy you can view on it some of those
people had a goal or a gunshot right up
into their way
Oregon right over here jess and I
guarantee you the result would have been
a hell of a lot better
would have been a hell of a lot better
talk to some people especially from
liberal New York City everything's
democratic national gun control but I
said supposing i'm talking with people
very successful people but their control
and I'm the exact opposite I think I
think it's no great see you debate them
and they know that yet when the debate
but they still don't change in with your
second Amendment has to be and
strengthen but it has to be we cannot
let them take that away from us and
believe me there's a movement to take it
away and as a new movement is bullish
they want to take bullets away if I
become president and believe me you can
relax nothing's gonna be happening ok
nothing is going to be a car we have to
bring our education back locally will
save a fortune
we want the parents like you and you say
it I see it in your eyes we want the
local people to take care of their kids
education as opposed to bureaucrats in
Washington but I see guys like bush and
others that are very common core just a
way of taking care of your friends what
that is is bureaucratic nightmares that
people couldn't care less about your
children may be some of them do but a
lot of them really just care about how
much money they gonna make a month or a
week at bringing education back locally
I told you before we spent more per
pupil by far
number second isn't even close so
obviously is not working so we have a
lousy educational system we're gonna
change it we're going to bring it local
and it's going to be great and it's
gonna take place immediately it'll go
quickly quickly report suggested
bringing back jobs I can't do that so
easy it's changed a little bit since
parish that since california where a lot
of the post it came out they say Trump
is number one on security Trump is
number one on terrorism and you know but
as far as like
these massive numbers on terrorism like
everybody wants truck for the protection
is a no idea what they're doing
it's not political and it's not it's not
politically correct but it's really
correct its gonna save everybody's like
I had to think last night I talked about
the internet so I see is using our
internet much better than our people
right even though we invented the
internet using it so last night I said I
want to infiltrate the internet but
people's freedom of speech
do that this was that what they want to
kill you
well we don't know where these people
coming from whether they come from they
are using the internet show brilliantly
the good news is we have people in
silicon valley that a far better than
they are we have to get them involved we
had to get them engaged whether we
knocked the hell out of their addictions
them in the ice territories which by the
way are getting larger by the day how
long have I been saying the hell out of
the Royal right right three years and I
wanted to give it to our wounded
warriors in our vets and the families of
people that we kill paramilitaries so
strong and so powerful that nobody's
gonna mess with us and we'll never have
to use it it's going to be cheap will
never have to use it don't forget I was
it gets the war in Iraq and you see that
they go back to 2003 because I could
totally destabilize the Middle East I
was against it
we're gonna make our military so strong
we're going to take care of our vets
gonna take care of their training
horribly and it's never been
gallery three weeks ago set actually the
vets are treated very well that she
hadn't reached interstate three weeks
ago we going to take care of our great
veterans better than ever and we put in
a plan and everybody loves it would take
care of our vets wait getting rid of
Obamacare will come up with something
that I will tell you I just hope you go
out and about
because we have a little structural
problem republicans have a disadvantage
election so unless it's gonna be a
movement type of event like i think is
happening where we can actually run the
whole we can run the table on but unless
it's going to be something like I see
happening thousands and thousands of
people something is going on and it's
beautiful to see ladies and gentlemen
we're going to make America great again
better than ever before I love you I
love you thank you thank you thank you

thank you very much so nice so amazing
so it it is so great to be with you
tonight and this was a little tough
weather so a couple of hours ago they
said mr. job by the way I Love You More
Love You couple of hours ago they're
saying I'm sorry sir you gonna have to
cancel your trip to you imagine
they said it's going to be too tough and
to top the flying is dangerous it's
really it's not exactly nice outside
right I said I can do that now i cant to
identify it was marginal I have got here
so you know in as you probably heard in
california they're having a tremendous
problem right now
killed as of now and I guess there's one
that's on the loose or they're having a
fight this is when we appreciate our
grade beliefs and our law enforcement
they don't get enough credit they should
get it and you're always going to have
some bad apples juicy and television no
matter what business you're in the bank
and everything else but i wanna tell you
they do one hell of a job and when you
see these shoot-outs when you see these
shoot-outs I can tell you one thing I
don't want to do it you don't wanna do
it so we want to thank the police and
law enforcement there and believable and
with that being said I think could we
have a moment of silence lot of people
killed and in honor of those victims
generally let's have a moment of silence
okay thank you thank you
so we have some really special people
here the most powerful people there are
black pastors you've been hearing a lot
about it and we had some incredible
times over the last few days and we've
had great support it wasn't covered
properly never does
they are so designed as they
but you probably read where large I'm I
don't even know the number but a large
group of black passes came to see me in
New York and then add it was really
great and one of them was doctor and
Pastor Steve parson and she put together
a group of endorsers all endorsers and I
said well you're endorsing me I'm
bringing you up for a couple of seconds
I'm gonna say I don't know if these
people want to be preached to tonight we
want to hear about other things to Steve
you know can take over the whole nine
not just you know that's ok but he's a
great guy he was in New York with the
others and I just used in all over
television over the last couple of days
and he is a beautiful guy so Steve come
on up with your friends come on up
black ministers in India we have one
token brother over there but I will say
this dead people ask me why you endorse
and download from my opinion he's the
best and only one that can be hillary
Clinton st
we got a win and one thing about damage
up is easy winner
to he knows how to create wealth can I
get a man and as a black minister of
estate in the inner city and I tell you
we need jobs we need employment we need
businesses and I tell you who better to
help us help ourselves into a person he
believed that this is a movement a
movement and I believe that we're in a
situation now where this country called
america is going to come back and be
made great again in iraq has a wealth
transfer of wealth and move it okay and
then I'll tell you one thing mr Sharp is
going to make this military strong again
to take anybody's mess
sometimes cities and can be pretty tough
can be pretty tough it can also be
rewarding and they get great rewards
thank you very much and thank you still
got a lot going on in this country and
tweeted I'm on my way to manassas I'm on
my way and here I go and precise said
we're going to Virginia than with the
juices you look at what's happening with
our country and I said you know what you
have sign considering we don't have good
subject matter and we have really bad
subject matter we don't want anymore we
don't win we never win we don't win with
the military we don't win with trade we
don't win with deals any kind of deals I
look at that are randall it's one of the
worst things I've ever seen
think they've already violated the deal
you know that I don't know if you have
you her they've already violated the
deal the ink isn't even dry ok it's not
even dry and they violated to deal so we
don't do it anymore you you look at
surprises race wise guy over here she
says surprised you're right who said
that sick and I want a very good
very good so we're going to start
winning and big gonna win gonna win
we're gonna get rid of Obamacare which
is a disaster people involved with the
whole Obama thing and the democrats
several problems over it because you
know they voted and it was a fraudulent
vote let's face it cuz obama lied to
your senators and congressmen who happen
to be democrats Obama line 28 times he
said keep the doctor keep you plan to
keep your everything everything is great
is gonna be and then these guys got
stuck with it and now they have to
defend him and that I could be able to
defend it and what did it go into a
niggling but we have a plan to sell much
better so much cheaper you look at
what's happening with deductibles on
Obamacare and it's out of control
you don't use it if you get hit by a
tractor maybe you'll get a couple of
bucks premiums have gone up 35 45 and 55
percent and just the other day and a lot
of very good newspaper strictly and even
in the bed once and there are plenty of
these guys so dishonesty
such dishonesty with the the mainstream
media I will tell you such total
dishonest but if you look at the if you
look at over the last few days you
seeing a lot of stories that Obamacare
is collapsing of its own way and and in
2017 unfortunately you know it's gonna
go now so that he has to straighten out
but he's not going to straighten up
correctly
correct his a guy we've got ice and
others that want to destroy us and he's
worried about global warming and and he
believes this and he believes God global
warming he comes out all the time
biggest problem is global warming and I
say is this real
are we living in the world you have
people that want to blow up our cities
wanna kill all of our people cutting off
heads like no tomorrow in the Middle
East and bar were doing everything did
drowning people in cages we haven't seen
anything like this since medieval times
medieval times and read a chapter heads
until you know you you just over the
last couple of years
ad and it's true
who ever heard of this this is a vicious
group of animals and we've got to stop
them and we're going to stop them so
strong and so fast so strong now one of
the things I want to tell you this
because a lot of you have heard mistaken
you seen it was covered in live
television they get ratings I as they
get ready to make a fortune and I can't
stand them and they can't stand me
they're always lying and not telling the
truth but they always put me in a live
televised nobody else those on the Left
television these other guys running for
office a forcible they don't have crowds
like this
believe me they have
because he has like 59 people still he
stands up be such thinking everybody
falls asleep we can make a lot of money
with him and the other ones if they have
a hundred people it's a lot every every
place we have thousands and thousands
this was all a restricted by the size of
the room and we have talent stacked and
the fire marshal I love with the fire
marshal what he was so good to have a
lot of people standing outside coming in
the back right you're right man so but
great people here
great great people but we are going to
just something that's a special because
you know it was just mentioned movement
what do you think the movement of said
it's a moment I didn't I never told him
that he might have listened cos I used
the expression sometimes but this is a
movement I go to dallas where the
mavericks plane had like the Mavericks
good players and the owner Mark Mark
Cuban has been great he's been great to
see you know I have to tell you he said
you want to use it use it and I was like
on a Thursday I said when said Monday I
said how many seats you have like twenty
thousand we filled up in a day and a
half
we had we had time left over we had
twenty thousand and Dallas we had twenty
thousand and Oklahoma 35,000 people in
Mobile Alabama and everywhere we go and
and I mean literally we go up to new
hampshire we have crowds are many many
many times the size of anyone else
nobody has even close Thank You Man
thank you man had school and I like that
and it looks better without with that
sort of ok had a hair wigs and I
wouldn't say the greatest ever seen but
it's acceptable hey hasn't hurt him and
me and say thank you very much not just
an honor to be here but would it be so
proud so I started this whole thing as
you know in June and takes courage to
run for president
never done this before and I've
self-funding my own campaign all these
other guys like blood
disgrace they totally control again and
I could add a pack you know bush raised
a hundred and twenty-five million
dollars and he's dying in the balls
rubia I I won't say it was so far a
couple of him I like but that'll end
because they all have to go through me
as crews example crews been great to be
a great point he's gonna have to say I
get to attack him because otherwise I'm
gonna come in second place in third
place of something so they've all got to
attack and I love it when they take you
so far everyone that's attacked me his
gun thing go right down they've got down
big league I shouldn't say this in front
of the best since brazil say that's not
nice is that ok so like winning I mean
it's all about winning it's really about
make America great again that's when I
today I read a big big card at home that
everyone's afraid to fight me because
you know you look at very very nice man
from Texas right Governor Perry and he
was so nice to me and all of a sudden
one day ahead in the sense that he was
vicious and violent went to Washington
made his speech the whole speech was
about me for like a half an hour and I
had to attack him and I attacked very
viciously and I feel guilty not really I
attacked you remember on the glasses and
attacked him on the IQ okay and then you
have a guy like Lindsey Graham his a
sitting senator and you go to South
captured by the way his plan I know so
much more than he does his plan is so
bad it so it's just remember that in the
american wages I read that book in 2000
I wrote about Osama bin Laden we gotta
take him out you gotta know where to use
your power and I said and I don't know
how many people show up in a couple of
the announcers in the morning they said
what was it 2000 so I had Osama bin
Laden and the reason is I watching I
listened and there's a big mouth who is
very tall and I said wait a minute let
me ask you I hear some friends
his friends friends you know they don't
think they do you know we want to be a
unifier and we have to be a unifier we
have to be funny thing is I do a great
job with things and they will be a big
beneficiary but maybe they just don't
understand it yet maybe maybe the police
could move them away so we can all hear
ourselves George we have to have to
there we have to thank you thank you
thank you
please sometimes and then please be
gentle and then they say he is too soft
you can't win if you could remove them
as soon as possible
police out there I think after the bill
after the build up my game I think they
gonna do a great job
yeah we have to move them thank you
thank you very much pouring in through
them that coming in and and you know the
saddest part you have a few people that
thousands of people here and the media
the headlines tomorrow will be protests
right you know what we have and I say I
saying in a sense strongly I used to use
the term silent majority and determine
use over the years and it really is
people that have been abused and we have
a majority but we don't know we have
enjoyed it but it's not a silent
majority is really become a noisy
majority
it's the noise you majority and that's
okay that's okay because we have to be
we have to be heard now folks because
our country is going to hell we have a
president who's incompetent I'll tell
you what this guy is grossly incompetent
when I watch him taking all of this time
and you know what I want clean air I
want clean water I wanted to be a match
and I want to be sparkling I want to be
great I want so many environmental
awards over the United develop a good
I'm really a great development time a
politician I meant he environmental
awards and I'm proud of them I think
it's a great thing but it's got it's
gotten out of control and this whole
global warming thing you know they
change and global warming climate change
extreme weather the reason is it's never
sort of work in the extreme weather once
about that's that's right you know you
see I remember during the winter we had
sort of a bad storm and they said oh wow
this is global warming global warming
and it's unbelievable in the snow was
all over the place and they said we
haven't had a stone out this was tired D
number one snowstorm was in 1889 which
blew everything out the window we're
gonna have you know like this like this
and we do want we want clean air and we
want clean water and other but it's
gotten to a point people are making a
fortune off this stuff and our
businesses are being hurt our
manufacturers can compete giant is over
there right now laughing like hell and
Barack Obama because we're stopping our
plans from functioning and make it so
expensive and not any better solution
was so we're stopping our plans we're
doing all of this damaged China's
agreeing to do things in May
years from now and they'll violate the
agreement hundred-percent because they
always do just like a rand was just like
everybody does well like the dummies
like that just the dummies I we used to
be so proud that we feel so stupid will
let by stupid people and we can happen
and we can happen any time believed by
the way what I'm going to do is to take
some questions in awhile you not to me
it was brutal to get here today I might
as well stick around for a while so so
what was thinking about it in another
few minutes to talk a little bit about
what we have and I want to take some
questions because I always thought I
love it I love taking questions even if
they're vicious horrible violent
questions will take them anyway one
thing you know with Hillary she doesn't
have the strength of the stamina to be
president she doesn't happen and I know
I know I can look yesterday was a
businessman one of the magazine cinema
world class business been great I'm a
great kisser I paid a fortune and I want
to put that same thinking for the
country all 19 trillion dollars it's
gonna be 21 trillion dollars very soon
you see this ridiculous budget that was
just passed like they passed it
immediately
nobody's fights I always say I know
where the democrats are coming from but
the republicans in a way a more
disappointing because they go you elect
him and you know what happens and let
you add in Virginia where the greatest
upsets in full time and he deserved to
be upset by the way you know he's back
in bush that was the end of push can you
believe that but it was one of the
greatest up since I think it never
happened before and you were so I mean
you know what happens is they say we are
going to end Obama we are gonna make our
military strong we're going to take our
pet sit within a makeup veg so happy
everything's gonna be great while Bob
Hall words you know it's all talk no
action politicians right and you love
her
and your own forum and they win their
election and they go to Washington I
always say it and there with their wife
or husband and they say look look Mary
we finally made it look at the beautiful
look at the beautiful columns look at
this this is like they go into the
capital million they say this is this is
now they have a vote on Obamacare vote
on camera but I don't want to leave this
place is beautiful
don't they let us down they left I
promise you one thing if I win you say
when we're not always but I have to say
look I am against fifty guys it was 17
and was 17 hours 15 at its drying up
then she know you guys with zero and
they continue to go along time we cannot
be good for them I mean you guys like
pataki
get elected dog catcher you have guys
obviously you have guys that can't even
if you think about it can't even the
kick it one percent they can't get
anything they actually had one of them
down with a zero and an arrow pointing
left nothing less than zero was on
television I think that's a
typographical error of some kind of less
than zero but it's like that's what it
is and some of them didn't even register
in upcoming stage and now they've missed
at times right they've missed at times
and I was told that this ten times well
if God is willing to put up money
because he knows he's not gonna win or
you can't get enough signatures to
register in a Virginia or South Carolina
or New Hampshire or wherever it may be
but numbers of them haven't registered
why do we allow them to debate
if somebody gives up to say to Virginia
or somebody gives up the state of South
Carolina because you know they're pretty
hard to get on the ballot they are by
the way I'm already on the ballot I
gotta thank you thank you just saying we
helped you know we had so many many
times the number of signatures we needed
a lot and we did it so quickly who did
it you did it right here stand up and
take a pass but thank you honey I'm
really great job I know that if somebody
doesn't get on the ballot and they can't
get on at the same time limit so that
means they gave up you know I'm major
state self plez why would you let them
on the debate stage to waste everybody's
time and they're already at zero or one
or two why would you allow him to be on
the debate stage is saw unfair shake
what are we doing and you don't have
time to talk mister drop the war in the
Middle East in 30 seconds sir what would
you do and you know it's funny on the
debates and i dont have you seen this
but I think almost or just about every
single poll where they do the online
polls after the bay drugs was an amazing
guy buthelezi ever met trudge trudge
he's an amazing guy but dredge time
magazine slate every one of these groups
and doing things online polls are like
six or seven everyday I've won every
single pole in every single debate and
I'm really happy
now I'll tell you can become a big story
so the other day I said I i don't want
to bring in my ok so let's say they
would have had a couple of million
people watching the first debate right
and it used to be that these debates
nobody even wanted to the television on
the road ahead I think they forced them
down their throat you have to take the
debate on what they can you license so
the first debate was by Fox and they had
24 million people actually more than
that after the final numbers but 24
million people which was about the
largest in the history of cable
television right
the next line was CNN within 23 million
people now think of this
CNN's coverage I'm pretty big events
like lures and other things right in the
history of CNN it was the highest-rated
show them and they made it three hours
which I shouldn't I could stand up I
could do this for 20 hours they wouldn't
matter but nobody wants to watch this
stuff than three hours especially when
ninety percent of the people I know
they're not doing the doing and I don't
even know why they're doing but nobody
wants so that wasn't here and then we
went to CNBC where john harwood what an
idiot you know how bad it's not even a
person and I have to tell you for four
weeks before that he was so nice to me
wonderful you know mister drop your
grade and then he comes out with a
question here is it mister truck and you
know it is going to start off the day
but they wanted three hours because
advertising sells the so much now that
they make a fortune and i said im not
gonna lie
and everyone said these people never be
able to stop him and I said yes I
stopped I think it took they what do you
think about three minutes I'm not going
and I have to tell you Carson said he'll
go along with it so that was very nice
then carson had he said that I have to
give credit where credit is due
as I've been a little bit rough on him
but I have to give credit when he came
along and he said I would go along and
just so I went and I said the two of us
and they sold it like an umbrella it
took 20 minutes so now my big thing is
they also get Mexico to pay for the wall
trying trying to build
it's going to be a great you know in
China they built the Great Wall of China
2013 thousand miles long ok this is all
right in our case we need really a
thousand miles its 2,000 miles but
someone's natural borders now job areas
which are pretty good but you know what
that use it right so what about a
thousand miles and so we're 2013
thousand this was two thousand years ago
they didn't have trucks they did have
tractors they did it the old-fashioned
way right and they got it done and it is
a big wall so what we have is to build a
wall and we're gonna stop people from
coming into our country illegally
and if people wanna come in legally we
want them to come in that to go through
the process had a people wanted to come
in now when I first mentioned his all of
the other candidates again we started
with 17 now down to fifty but they gonna
start falling like flies you watch at
some point to leave I mean we got this
one guy he's terrible is the worst I've
ever seen
know the guy is the worst debater he's a
professional politician he can't think
properly he's terrible terrible we have
again I told you so they do a poll and I
mean I'm like how do you beat the
senator in Florida so in florida you
have told you have a governor and you
have a sitting senator who by the way it
doesn't vote he is involved how would
you like to be in sauna and you invested
a young guy you invested him you take
him too hard and that's a great position
right United States he's in there for
about 20 seconds why why but how would
you like to have a guy who just now
you've put in a lot of time and effort
but if a man says he's gonna be a
senator and then he goes around
campaigning and fundraising he was
yesterday Homeland Security very
important meeting in Washington he chose
to go to a fundraiser in california now
I don't know that i'm gonna win for sure
but I am killing them in Florida and I
think I have the ultimate sound find a
guy first of all Rubio is very very weak
on illegal immigration and so you can
when bush just to put an end to that
energy but we don't need low-energy
people
we can't afford them hilary is she
doesn't have the strength she does that
the stamina but she'll do it and then
won't show up like 45 sleeps like this
and and it's actually not we should be
laughing we should be crying because she
is by far the front-runner I mean this
other guy who gave it up when he said no
emails bernie bernie he gave it up I
think he just had a hernia operation you
know he was carrying around the tax code
that he wants to make larger
I actually just now he just had a hernia
operation but he's got no chance he took
hillary and he gave her the election and
is getting the second largest crowds I'm
out by the way my grades blow everyone
away I wasn't I was in Sarasota Florida
and what a great place and we have
had a time limit is twelve o'clock
football games everything we had twelve
thousand people and i dont i dont have
it say how many people I let the
government says now because we have an
amazing secret service people have
amazing people that work here I let them
say because every time I say it if I'm
off by three people who make like
headlines and create 12,000 people
nobody nobody but when Bernie Sanders
would have a group of five thousand
people I get much bigger things than he
does now in the meantime has been going
down the tubes went to talk about it
much anymore but the just hillary
shouldn't be allowed to run because what
she did is illegal
I wanted to run I wanted to run and by
the way the foxhole just came out I beat
her easily in the box below
you know I can't believe I had this
whole thing and I never mentioned post
and I could use and then everybody in
the press and my opponents he always
talks about polls you know why because
I'm winning all of them if I would
honestly think about it one of the major
mainstream as me that's a long ago why
do you always talk about balls and I
didn't I never thought of a question I
said I don't know because of winning I'm
winning every poll it's good to talk
about him I don't know what the hell
knows what they mean I think they mean
something right it is not a strange you
know the interview 392 people and they
say with certainty that your plus or
minus 3 an amazing thing I studied at
Wharton I guess it works but then when
you have many many many her number one
in every single line and number one in
every single and number one i mean you
look i number one new hampshire number
one South Carolina and big margin ya
gotta really work hard to catch me in
new hampshire let me tell you and the
people and I hate people and then you go
down south carolina tremendous every and
then we go to nevada tremendous and in
Nevada I win the Hispanic vote ok they
do and I've always said I'm gonna win
this
because I'm gonna bring jobs back im
bringing jobs back im bringing back from
China and I'm bringing back from Japan
and I'm bringing back from Mexico and
I'm bringing back from vietnam every
place we don't have jobs again we're
going to have jobs the number one and
probably get it tonight so I can maybe
just avoid this question but I guess I
go around I see a lot of different
places I use a lot of college auditorium
saddam because the crowd sizes and a lot
of students come up Mr Trump what can
you do to help us which and the biggest
thing their children with a den go two
years or four years to college and
they're good good colleges and they
can't get a job it's one of the most
heart wrenching questions again and you
see this and they're borrowing money
from and to enlarge the federal
government with the only thing it's just
about the only thing the federal
government makes money with this should
be making money with what we're gonna do
something with it and you know I don't
know what's going on with the colleges
but those colleges that going up like to
skyrocket you know things are sort of
even though it is going up at the
college is so somebody's doing something
wrong with it and one of the region's
ecology is because the federal
government pays for the students but the
students can afford to pay that much and
we gotta look a little bit into the
college is why are they going up more
than anything else they must be making a
fortune
let's buy a college or by acknowledged
up I don't buy but but there is
something going on but one of the
saddest things is when you see these the
worst is really good and I feel so badly
for him but it gives me because I'm
gonna create the jobs they can't get
jobs and with it
change that around when they go and they
do a good job especially really hard to
be good stewards and then they can't
they come out they come out and they
can't find anything they don't know what
to do and then they own money to the
federal government and everybody else
and they've done everything they can to
get through college with you know we
need to start winning in this country
and within a start helping them out we
gotta help them you know I always talk
about the bets and everybody does have a
great debt plan nobody treated worse
than the Mets illegal immigrants are
treated better than events I'm telling
treated better than our heads and that's
gonna end within a treat our hats within
a cheetah and I plan couple of weeks ago
I was on a great great shape and we went
it was an amazing day on the Wisconsin
and we put on the battleship is that
looks like an author I love renovating
you know I love buying a building the
foundations of the structures there the
outside is there have to replace windows
sometimes if you can give them to keep
him like I'm doing the old post office
in Washington Way has one of the most
beautiful buildings in Washington was a
disaster thirty years but it out to bid
think of it in the Obama administration
deal-maker one of the most sought-after
properties in the history of the
government services you know GSA and
we're now under budget and ahead of
schedule
think of that that's what you want in
the country that's what you want then
the country has got to be one of the
best hotels anywhere in the world the
Trump International
somebody said well we have to keep the
name that government they were saying we
have to keep the name but I will tell
you and I've dealt with the GSA and
they're really terrific people that you
really have some great people in
government you really do if we can be
led properly this country is going to go
to a level that you won't even believe
I've been saying over the last two
months have met so many people like
yourselves and it's really similar this
so much love in the room but I've met so
many people and i've seen the genius of
these people and I've been saying in my
opinion I really think we have the
potential to add greater than ever
before I really believe that will make
it great and will build it up and we'll
make enrich again here's somebody a
woman came up to me said mr. truck
crashed to say Richard
a debtor nation right now she said I'm
voting for you I love you I love you but
please don't say we're gonna make
enrichment to jump it stresses that I
have to say we're not going to cut
medicare you know Carson wants to cut
medicare he wants to get rid of medicare
C you know that's actually a program
that works claim now you have waste
fraud abuse in social security and
medicare will take care of that problem
with paying into your plans now that
coming up to you it's getting to be that
time
me I don't want to say ok we're gonna
needed and i think is unfair after all
these years they want to cut you
Governor Christie wants to wants to
raise the age
age so they have to wait another you
know pretty extended period of time it's
not fair you've been used money back
from all these countries that have been
just absolutely so I said to the woman
said you know what maybe Chris but I
have no choice but to be so rich and
whether what we're going to do I get
talking about tremendous fun stuff again
when a China when you have imbalances of
400 450 billion two hundred and fifty
million wouldn't be good right about 450
billion a year a year and then they say
I am a free-trader I believe in region
but has to be true we can be stupid
people right so Trump is in a free trade
he's not as terrible said no no I'm a
free-trader
14 years we have a trade imbalance with
China over 400 billion every year that's
called dumb trade that's not that we
have to pee and then the head of China
comes and poor Obama so since he greets
him where the state in assets and he
talks about our partner well I want to
be a partner to I can be a partner we're
making $250 and the guy and China he had
been good looking guy strong as hell in
a different system over there that's
like one of these systems pounding each
other and stuff as far as guy gets up to
the top
we don't do that over here that's a
system that I don't have you know how it
went from the time they're in
kindergarten the smartest toughest
smartest that by the time they get up to
that little point that guy he's so he's
looking and talking about this wonderful
relationship we had
he's building island's military islands
in the South China Sea I don't think he
got an environmental impact statement do
you think they went out and said all we
have to do our environmental impact said
no they just thought about 300 X
commanders out there and they started
digging that ocean and dropping thats
and now and by the way I heard this the
other day and I do still things I've
been saying bob the oil and gas now I
did want to go into Iraq I should get
credits the vision and a more
militaristic than anybody other than him
anybody in this room know this guy looks
like this seriously but I'm more
military said that anybody in this room
but I want to build that military says
Trump what I've been saying don't go
into Iraq and it two thousand and three
or four a delegation came from the white
house cuz I get a lot of publicity for
whatever then I do the apprentice that
was a huge hit by the way they wanted to
extend me they came in ahead of an
incredible guy came to my office with
executives from NBC and they wanted to
run for president he said no no no we
want to thank you
nobody nobody would be season 15 and 16
I mean you know it's been a great head
and I said no and I just held my breath
you know the famous escalator seeing I
held my breath I said to my wife are you
sure I want to be doing this and I said
let's go and we went down that escalator
had withstood the press the press I mean
even now look look at tonight it's it's
so many cameras the other a look at all
those red lights every word everywhere
everywhere but you know it's an amazing
things I said to my wife come on let's
go and she waved and I'm waving and then
I went up and talked about illegal
immigration and little did I know I was
hitting a nerve that was so incredible
made that speech and I talk about what's
happened to that you had Jameel killed
which uses a wonderful man you saw his
father probably over the last couple of
days until they just shot for no reason
whatsoever
shot and then you seek in San Francisco
shot by an illegal and you see all of
the tremendous growth and all of a
sudden people rush limbaugh said
nobody's ever taken more in coming to
drop this is gonna be like this I don't
last for a year and a half I never heard
that term with respect to the press said
the PR incoming like that and then has a
news conference in the doubles down and
he said I'm right about somebody else
it's because I know how it works we
ought to be slightly gotta be somebody
else when I got up and other people have
said I'd like to apologize for any way I
can apologize to the people for them he
can't do that when you're right but i
said i myself at this level of intensity
there is no way any human being can make
it for a year but all of a sudden people
so I was right and if I didn't bring
that up and invited to take all of that
unbelievable harsh and unfair punishment
from the mainstream media I'll tell you
what we wouldn't be talking about
illegal immigration we wouldn't be
talking about the crime and don't kid
yourself I don't mention that that often
because I'm really good at this stuff
but the jobs are being taken away from
people that are in our country
tremendous numbers of jobs so we need to
change that whole system it's gonna be
changed
remember this you know you have to get
points revision when you elect somebody
I think I have everybody in this room
I'm pretty sure that everybody thinks
I've been places and they say well there
there because he's a great entertainer
I'm not here to entertain folks I'm not
an entertainer I'm not a lot of the you
know I like the people in the room are
there because he is a wonderful show in
a wonderful entertainer and that's not
the reason we're here to please don't
waste my time with the entertainment
stuff I'm not an entertainer believe me
I'm somebody that knows how to get
things done I'm a guy that's won all my
life whether it's the apprentice or
business or whether it's the art of the
deal what are the most incredible one of
the biggest selling business books of
all time I think the biggest but I want
to say one of the
Kilda by saying the but I think it is
the biggest selling business books we
gotta win we can win together one of the
things I've been saying right take you
take do you think we should have been
there
Iraq Iran fighting fighting fighting
they love to fight we want to rebuild
our country right site we build a gas
station did you see the gas station
43 million dollars and then it didn't
work
ok ok I get every $1 in this country we
don't have any money if we want to build
a school children we don't have any
money if we want to fix up our roads and
our bridges are falling down in China
the building bridges all over the place
ok so I said take the oil and keeping we
should never been in Iraq but take the L
because if you don't we've spent two
trillion dollars
thousands of lives the wounded warriors
and we give some of that oil to the
families of the people that have lost
their chance and we give money to
wounded warriors are the most incredible
of all people I deal with the time I
deal with him and I see him and they had
the biggest smile and they may be
missing their legs they may be missing
and are they may be worse than that and
their their strength is I think to me
the strongest of all I've never said
they liked it but the problem is so we
go into Iraq at least two trillion
thousands of lines wounded warriors got
nothing
nothing we don't have anything whatever
happened to the victim belongs the
spoils in the old days when we were
smart and strong which were not anymore
with stupid people will stop it was
being led by stupid people and we're
stupid because we allow these people
they get into office how does it happen
and I'll tell you the few people that
are demonstrating that will end up
getting a much bigger but that's ok but
the few people if they were standing in
most of those people become converted
they agree with me they agree with
because let's not do agree with what am
i said im sayin common sense I'm saying
a little business i'm saying a lot of
heart because I want to take care of
people that can you know they're going
to be people that can't afford anything
you can't let them republicans you can't
let them die in this he says he wants to
help people they don't have any money
but we have to let them die and it's not
so we'll be able to do it but we'll get
great plans and everything else but if
you think of it what am i doing I'm
saying why I liberals or why are
democrats opposed I don't think they are
I really don't know there's some bad
people into doesn't matter but I don't
think they are very interesting Lee one
of the poll said more people if I win
and Hillary wins they say more people
will come to the polls in the history of
the country just like if you think of it
just like the 24 and the 23 million
people set the record they said and it
just came out CNBC that is good and they
say the people that come to vote for
truck they also check it out and I'll
tell you the other thing yet gotta be
tough on the border and some of the
Hispanic baby won't like it but they
left me because
and the one cent a year thank you aware
that sign off here at ICICI great ideas
does make America great again and you
know the african-american vote so
appalled came out recently came out
recently
truck gets 25% of the african vote for
Republican thats
and one of these commentators who's like
devastated because Republican would
normally get five or six percent what do
you think Steve like five or six percent
to have a poll that said I mean I don't
think these past years ago to be
standing up with too many other
candidates you agree with that I don't
think so I have a 25% of the African
Americans want run and one of these
commentators say hey by the way they
hate them winning they have such a hard
time with the polls have been the one
just came out the Quinnipiac poll right
and I'm telling everybody and I'll tell
you
crews and repeat in second place and
they said
tired and they said Romeo and Cruz at
all what about me and I went up a lot I
went up as much more high and I'm
feeling like a lot and they talked about
they did it while Trump is winning the
other people are doing very nicely so
when driving the median nuts
and they're very design is a 70% but
seventy percent are really designed as
what's going to happen is and what did
happen so they mentioned the 25% and one
of these talking heads said you know if
dropped gets 25% of the african-american
vote this election is over he wins and
why wouldn't I think what has he done
what does he think of this and then
we're gonna do russians Obama Obama
African American Hughes 51 percent
unemployment ride your guys our age they
have an employment that's double and
triple what are the people have what the
hell is he done for the
african-americans he's done nothing he's
done nothing I don't think he cares
about him I think he's done nothing it's
all talk at all words with this guy he's
an unbelievable divider I thought he'd
be a great cheerleader for the country
that's one thing I thought I said he'll
unify the country and he's really
divided the country and whether the
unified the country and we're gonna do
amazing whether to set records with the
african-american to come up here that
was such an honor for me tonight
such an honor net and we appreciate so
all of the things that I said and just
to finish before wages have questions if
you were with me two weeks ago I was
much different I was talking about china
all the time and I was talking about
trade and I'm telling you all the best
deals and other companies are all
leaving which drew and then moving to
Ireland and other places and we have two
and a half trillion dollars off so we
can bring it back to our tax laws are so
big and by the way my tax plan I'm
cutting middle income families taxes to
the lowest level that they've been in we
have been destroying our middle class
which built this country and cutting
companies taxes and corporation taxes
and small business taxes down to 15%
right now it's the highest it's ever
been
right now we're number one tax nation
anywhere in the world
anywhere in the world and I bring it
down to the I'm not exactly the lowest
but it will soon I think we can maybe do
that but I'm bringing down to one of the
least tax business nations in the world
so the middle class is gonna be takin
care when we're seriously code so you
don't have to spend your money at H&R
Block and spent a lot of the money the
Jamaican doing is complicated and we're
gonna do some things that are going to
be amazing and we're going to have a
dynamic economy and this country is
going to be rockin and rollin and it's
gonna be something special this country
is going to be something something so
much more special it's already special
at the same but it's gonna be much more
special and is already great but I mean
we're talking about really great and
remember this remember this we have a
great country we have a wonderful
country we love our country but it's
really at the tipping point it's not
going to be there for as much longer
it's not gonna be great much longer it's
a big big trouble we're not going to let
that happen
ok so let's now take some questions come
on give me some good ones come on don't
you have a question
these people did such a good job with my
road they had so many files they had you
know they had what we need like five
thousand signages and you put in for a
five-time how many 16,000 people you
know its size because with the kind of
people I deal with if they find mistakes
so when you have fifteen or sixteen
thousand and you need five they got to
find a lot of his day I thank you very
much so you have a question to ask you a
mega statement you did such an amazing I
need to let you know the citizens of
Virginia and all the Hispanic community
that I represent love you respect you
and are going to vote and support you
thank you very much so nice ok let's go
have a question wherever you want go
ahead
ok a young man come on young guy why
what's going to be made out okay that's
a good question lift him up here bring
him up so come on come on up here come
on
that might be the best question I guess
hardened concrete and is gonna remain at
every bar and CEO you know it's so if
that's what I do
parking plank with a set plank and goes
ninety feet long and how long 19 feet if
you're ninety feet up you don't want to
come down you wanna come down very
gently and they drive trucks over them
and they take trucks with drugs and we
get the drugs and they get the cash not
going to be the trucks driving so it's
going to be made of concrete rebar rebar
steel aggregate to set up a nice heavy
foundations and one of the reasons the
wall wasn't built a lot of people like
the war but they couldn't figure out how
to end this is hard to believe but true
was I right about New Jersey was I right
you should write another one I took such
heat and all of a sudden the last couple
of days reports coming out I get
hundreds of calls and now even some of
the mainstream has been saying it so I'm
very proud of the people would have
taken that abused without saying I'm
sorry there are said to him Paula just
I'm right there's a lot of hatred going
on we need vigilance we need we need
vigilance we can't let this happen they
can't blow up our buildings they can't
cut off our people's heads people's
hands but they can't do it
ok let's have a question thank you mr.
Trump we love your tone on tone
in 1982 when ross perot ran he said
should lightning strike and I get
elected the first hundred we're not
going to weigh 200 days to start doing
something we're gonna do something they
want what you gonna do they want perot
who I haven't known much I know his son
he's a good guy he made a big mistake he
quit then a week later whatever reason I
met anyone who went back it was it was
over but he was you know had a certain
style and he you know I watched I
studied very closely and number one it's
really better to run as a Republican I
will tell you that and i wanna run as a
Republican leading myself before would
you ever run as an independent I just
want to run and win as a Republican with
their clothes with this class will
probably run against the woman who can't
win her whole life has been corrupt it's
been corrupt just not going to win so in
the first hundred days we're gonna knock
the hell out of Obama can sign you know
the great thing about executive orders I
don't have to go back to Congress I
don't have to go back I just sit down
and I will be on signing many maybe not
hold maybe a couple of good ones I doubt
it but we're gonna be on signing a lot
of executive orders especially his order
that basically lets anybody they want
just pour into our country that's good
I'm just gonna start immediately working
on social security
immediately working on medicare so that
we really make it strong
gonna bring we're gonna bring great
things back into this country you gonna
be so proud of me he's got that shirt on
you to be so proud of me thank you for
the question I will be very happy
ok ok well I love Israel and Israel as
our our real strong supporter if you
look at what's going on at and I'll tell
you that I will say it here very soon
I'm going to his the meeting with BB
netanyahu he's a great guy and I
actually commercial during his election
run I i made a commercial I said meaning
I said nice things about him he's a good
man he's worked very hard he has
absolutely no support from President
Obama absolutely not so I will tell you
I am very very very pro ok ok ok how
about the young man and a green shirt
young strong guy go ahead twenty years
old wow did you have any problems or
difficulties I'm very healthy healthy we
have a lot of hats I don't want to mess
around with them right
right okay so I plan on the vets and
people are loving it and as you know
about three months ago on a Wednesday
they announced that in the history of
the veterans administration which is
very corrupt extremely corrupt and yes
I'm great doctors in there by the way
I'm gonna give the good the bad but you
have administrators are a disgrace and
the waiting times and the problems and
people are waiting five days six days in
a waiting room to get in and in the
history of three months ago was the
longest wait in the history of the VA
that's all sir and I put in a plan
that's much more complex than this but
basically we have doctors that are doing
well because of Obamacare we have a lot
of people that aren't too I have a
friend who's a doctor is gonna be
quitting these gonna be like you is
going to retire out that the young age
but he's gonna be retired and he said I
have more accountants and have
complicated it's a horrible the
paperwork is so terrible I don't feel
like I'm a doctor anymore so we have
doctors that have plenty of open time we
have private and public hospitals all
over the place that are doing well and
when they left us veteran said his
standing in line and dying by the way
you saw the numbers people die waiting
to see a doctor that dying hundreds if I
couldn't believe it
the numbers are incredible you know
you'd think 12 but the numbers are
incredible
thousands of men and women waiting for a
doctor may be a simple procedure may be
a pill they end up dying so we're not
going to have to anymore that that's
remember there are greatest people there
are greatest people I wouldn't be here
most of these people would be here so
while it's true
it's true it's true so you not have that
what do you do now what do you do
ok one second so you ask hospitals
across the street doctors right you
gonna get out of there you can see the
doctor say the hospital we're gonna pay
for the bill it's much cheaper and
everyone's gonna be happy it's so much
cheap so with that he used that hospital
that's looking for some business could
be private could be public within two
years doctors that are looking for
business to pay the bill is gonna go
quickly and believe it or not it's going
to be much much cheaper than what we're
doing right now and what we're doing
right now is insulting ok ok I had your
designer I didn't think you were that
you don't look like I'm so that
americans americans love winners and
thank you
thank you thank you darling its own eyes
China I'd like to see more made in
american apparel
get up get out get up so so nice what a
nice question but you know what what she
said is so important to remember the old
days when some of us were young and some
of us weren't even born when talking
about but we have a sick are made in the
USA that meant wild ride out of it said
made in Japan it was like damn good it
was it was terrible now if you don't
have it anymore we had those stickers
made in the USA and that meant super
super quality I just wanna come on over
believe me if I did like the question
she was so nice gotta work to get up
here I'll tell you a secret service
number one all of a sudden protection
nobody can get a look at this
my name is alert and I think he will
definitely make a beautiful angry and I
think guys the fashion world that and so
I'm living overseas for a while but I
would I love you wearing made in America
and it's a great question because
honestly you don't see it anymore you
don't see it anymore we're gonna be so
proud to have that sticker and let's
remember that question that's a very
important question
statement made in the USA was so
important and was such a sign of quality
make that much anymore like it was high
I go to Los Angeles recently I saw ships
the biggest ships you have a scene with
cars coming in from Japan pouring out
there we send them practically nothing
it's a one-sided deal we can't have them
and speaking of USA when was the last
time you saw it
Chevrolet in the middle of Tokyo I'll
bet you did have one right we make good
cars would make great course and now
especially with doing it's gotta be fair
ok let's have a good question about this
guy over here with a good head here this
guy ok this is a question I love you
thank you this is a question for
president which is here how are you
going to deal with president ok
cannot stand Obama like a lot of people
when I was a kid I recently I was on
sixty minutes they interviewed potent
separately they interviewed me got very
high ratings I feel he's my stablemate
alright and I said this couple of months
ago when he started by our country has
as we don't even know who were fighting
we want to find a bad guy but we want to
find a site for rebels and we don't even
know now 35 his side were fighting
russia where fighting other countries
namely end up in world was ruled out
knows what happens right but as such but
the rebels could be I says we have no
idea general told me we have no idea
what we want to give them
and what's gonna happen let's say they
take over Syria tell we don't know
what's good is gonna be turmoil we've
gotta fight ices and I'd love that
Russia is dropping bombs all over eyes I
love it I love ok I mean we have a
president notified how about this two
weeks ago fifty men and maybe when I
don't know
5050 ran over to Syria Iraq I don't
think even those with ago now I just
have to talk what does he have to say
why does he have to stand up and say
we're sending those people have a tard
these are our finest these are our
greatest soldiers right why why do we
have to have to open is now ok now we
just announced yet another small group
over today or yesterday they just
announced we are sending more so these
guys gonna do it doing ok but the
numbers don't even think it's a good PR
move frankly but we're sending men over
to fight the enemy is not stupid they
are not and they are not contained they
are looking for these men and women they
are looking for what the hell does he
have to say you know I used the word
unpredictable we don't have any
unpredictability has a more general
macarthur he wouldn't talk General
George Patton first of all he won't even
be that guy who use foul language but he
was drunk
you couldn't be a general general he was
still crowd he was he was a genius but
he couldn't be a general and i watch on
television I don't want my generals on
television I don't want the enemy
watching one little word so I did a deal
recently was interesting and it was a
great success and they called up my
opponent has he told a reporter Mr Trump
was really tough but we have no
unpredictability we have to get smart
and we're gonna get smart one of one of
the things I have to say but wait one
second though one of the things that
you're gonna say when you leave this
thing that's happening here and in time
that really was important because
together because we talked about this if
Romney could have inspired he failed he
sailed cuz became couldn't have won the
first time because it was such a mess
but should have been an easy victory and
Obama was on about Obama he was on
Letterman he was on Leno whose all over
the place ok well we don't think every
night he was on every show and from the
us if the people in this room who didn't
have all of the other people but if they
had the incentive to get up and go but
they weren't they weren't but we have to
remember then and I think hopefully I
look at the biggest crowds and we have
to remember that ok just something
that's really not so I always liked him
and i know i kno right and I like
Hillary I don't go to sleep I think
about things like hillary goes to sleep
and then you don't see her for five days
and she wakes up and she comes another
vet and Elton John and I love them lol
general you always want to finish with
him and when they do the eye and then
they say they gotta do once the problem
I have is my pastor wants
how can I turn will you do me a favor
passed away you make it a nice question
so I don't leave here in a loan
yeah yeah yeah address this issue either
last night no matter more people with
black on black crime right
tremendous problem in philadelphia over
300 was shot dead by black people
yeah that's my question so true so true
my question is will you dress the black
community
well what we're going to do the crime in
the black community and crime in our
schools I would I went to the
Philadelphia well he is a highly
respected great man in Philadelphia and
the answer is yes yes
I love him ladies and gentlemen I want
to thank you you are spectacular people
doing the easy getting this much loved
in this room we are going to make
America great again better than ever
before I love you I love you thank you

we had a hotel and we're gonna have
about 250 or 300 people and the hotel
was great they called they said
something's happening here we can hold
this is crazy what's going on and then
we went to the convention center and
they can have 10,000 people and we're
all set and we're excited and the next
day they said too many people we can put
them in so we came here
today if you notice we have a stock
market that doing so well we have a
country not doing so well we've been
saying it for a long time we have
politicians other than the few
politicians that are with us and I will
exclude them but we have politicians it
don't have a clue they're all talk and
no action what's happening to this
country's disgrace
running for president I brought up I
brought up the subject of illegal
immigration I took a lot of heat that I
can tell you rush limbaugh sorry said
incoming he got more incoming that
anybody out there to see and two weeks
later everybody was apologizing to me
they saw that I was right between what
happened in San Francisco to do
incredible Kate and her family is such
an incredible family and Jeremy Lin so
many people have been so badly hurt the
other day in California last week a
woman sixty-six years older veteran was
killed raped sodomized tortured and
killed by an illegal immigrant we have
to do it we have to do something we have
to do
the weather is it is dicey that ok but
who cares if it rains right
take off my how do not approve
once and for all that is mine ok so so
we're gonna talk about a lot of
different subjects in and you know it's
nice Friday night like that right
watch that much better
that's what we have here i mean the
people that got the right people so
we'll start with the little talk on the
illegal immigration what's going on
got to stop it we're going to build a
wall and it's going to be you know it's
amazing the politicians 10 years ago
fifteen years ago they all wanted a wall
but it never went it never happened
because somebody didn't wanna probably a
lobbyist you know all these guys like
bush and like hillary clinton they're
all taken care of
I don't know you know
hillary has sixty million dollars and
win jeb bush when Jeff Bush is totally
in favor of Common Core week on
immigration like every week on
immigration want to let people come in
although now he's using anchor baby you
know he put out a memo you cannot use a
baby now because I used it he's using it
politicians but when they have in his
case a hundred and fourteen million
dollars in hillary's case she's got
sixty no I don't know that she's gonna
make it to the gate what do you think
you know General Petraeus over less and
nothing seems to be happening so it will
be very interesting to see what happens
ultimately we have right now and I just
got these numbers today what are the
seven percent of all of the country are
illegal and they supposed to turn out to
be right the 14th amendment
I just got an amazing we start a website
as a bonus
while I'm a non-politician the other day
serb jury duty we used to put those
politician but I will say this we have a
great politician here we have them here
really hope that he's the one person I
saw his counsel because he's been so
spot-on he's so highly respected has
anybody ever heard of senator just
social
people these people want somebody in the
presidency stands up for them and the
laws and traditions of this country we
welcome you here you put into the
immigration issue I'm really impressed
with your plan and no one will make a
difference
agree with that
fragile life so I go around and I see so
many people have been treated so well by
the people and you know we're leading in
every poll
Obama
Florida
and you know it's really a great place
but Florida we have a governor and we
have a sitting senator and I'm killing
them obviously they're not doing a very
good job that shouldn't be happening
Pennsylvania New Hampshire South
Carolina North Carolina taxes
necessarily where we're just absolutely
way ahead of everybody else in fact you
know if this were another country we
could maybe call for an election right I
would like to have the election tomorrow
I don't wanna way so I think we see this
receptivity is that I know the game
better than anybody I've been on the
other side you know I was totally
establishment
millions of dollars all the time do
these characters right I was I was like
the fair-haired boy do I look fair but I
know the game
understand it and so many people have
come up lobbyist I said I don't want
money from lobbyists but recently lastly
your money I don't want your money
because I don't think about it might
take his money but in the end I school
and don't do anything for a great
business and I feel sort of stupid I say
I don't want your money please I promise
I won't Laura told them I said you know
I don't want your money comes in two
years when you come to see me about
something I'm not doing it unless it's
good and less gonna make America great
again right after we think and I think
that because I think I should take a lot
of money allowed to give it to charity
these guys come up and I'm lucky you
know everybody should have doubled in a
run you know that right
my wife actually said you know if the
Junos be pretty well as she also sees
the reaction in for a long time whether
its trump the art of the deal which
Obama and carry obviously did not read
when they did this crazy deal with Iran
I love that book you know I said the
other day and it sort of played pretty
well that is my second help ROV
book always the art of the deal and
that's the real one that's original
that's when they use real paper said the
other day so many people that carry
around the art of the deal because
politicians please please read the art
of the deal when you negotiate with
China and Japan with mexico with vietnam
and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody
you know right now we have a problem
where north korea's getting frisky right
now
recently I ordered four thousand
television set I'd like to hear that
America can you believe I was able to
find that guy you know these hot hot as
a pistol you know that they're made in
America and I'm gonna give you but
believe me I haven't forgotten about you
but then made in America but the other
day I see today it's pretty hot on the
news that are very dear friend is acting
a little bit rambunctious again so I
ordered four thousand television sets
from South Korea whether it's for LG or
any of the Romanian South Korea
a fortune and the wonderful and the
wonderful people can abort we don't do
everybody the most television sets in
this country almost like don't think so
right now they're mostly made other than
Sony which has lost his way too high but
so I see that we're sending ships and
we're getting our troops ready we have
28,000 troops ready just in case bob was
gonna fight with you to protect we get
nothing what we get we get nothing
Saudi Arabia and I get along great with
my apartment from even spent 40 million
to 50 million am I supposed to just like
a man
very much but you know saudi arabia one
billion dollars a dead day before they
all went down a little bit but that's a
minor detail but they were so now they
make it happen in a day that's something
we get nothing and they wouldn't be
there without protection even Germany
Germany's a power who has a
mercedes-benz anybody lot of people
there are power we defend the whole
world where we want to be nice
somebody that's so stupid
alright they said that's terrible to ask
for money they said they said that's
terrible how can you possibly ask for
money to defend the country i mean tell
me tell me now we're sending our ships
were sending our everything we've got
and what does 28,000 troops that we have
right now on the border between North
and South Korea that's dangerous
territory they're in harm's way they're
in harm's way and we get nothing they
take our trade we lose a fortune with a
reporter with china we defend Japan you
know we have an agreement with japan
where somebody attacks apparently we
have to come to their rescue but if we
can attack doesn't have to help us do
you think that's a good year
that's sort of like sergeant berga has
anybody heard of such a traitor
don't know the trader I called President
I called President Obama the 541
president we get sergeant Bergdahl a
traitor who by the way six people that
we know of six people were killed trying
to get this guy back six people they
went after him they wanted to get him
back so we get sergeant Bergdahl and
they get five people that they
desperately wanted for years that are
right now back on the battlefield trying
to kill everybody including US House do
you know the reason we had clouds and no
matter where I go the other night were
in new hampshire we had some new
hampshire was so incredible that
television is gonna be live I should
have a rest blues tonight is live on Fox
it's like we like stocks
and it's always going to be at its live
on MSNBC
but I said you wanted to just cover me
like anybody else would they go the next
day and every time I speak it has to be
live it's not busy day killers but it's
ok right we have to suffer weather but
look the reason I have this really
incredible enthusiasm and i really
appreciate your especially with this
weather and everything else but the
reason I have it is because I do know
what I'm doing and I don't say that a
braggadocio is like you people are
looking for somebody that knows what
he's doing whatever it is you know I
said it the other night my second
favorite book of all time
what's my first favorite book the body
blow the Bible
as much as I love the art of the deal
it's not even close we take the Bible
all the way right I was saying so they
said I wasn't gonna run and everyone's
gonna run it's just having fun just a
good time is Brandon like I care of my
brand this point
gutless macy's because I said about
illegal immigration they dropped my
brand and I'm supposed to be
douglas plus I have too soon Univision
my poor Miss Universe people to
beautiful beautiful women girls but
beautiful women and I get drunk but I
think of it you have these magnificent
women that worked all their lives to be
in the Miss USA contest in the mission
and two weeks before the contest NBC and
Univision because they thought my tone
was a little bit strong I was right
I mean in the case of unification of
$500,000,000
so I actually put it on the other day
Miss Universe Miss USA I put it on
because it was only fair to the people
and we had it under small network and it
was fine but who do that well because
they want to be so politically correct
they actually called and they said I
will get it back on soon will get it
back on soon
you know the case of a couple they said
losses nice car was all over the world a
friend of mine you know because I opened
with a strong statement meaning illegal
immigration with the problem so all of
the one day with NASCAR
losses I don't have a deal with Nazca it
turned out that I lost now as they did
they went to the ballroom at trump the
route can you believe that was my losses
and by the way I kept their deposit and
read that it to somebody else
the ballroom go out the next day
ties with trumpets all over the world
yes I have friends call me from Paris
he's a great businessman all it's too
bad about what happened to inspect you
know it was a golf outing and one of my
courses are you believe this is my big
deal and it was all over the world
the press I don't know maybe they didn't
get it maybe they don't get it I was
very disappointed with macy's is not a
big deal but they heard the tickets in
front of the store and they called
pickets
tickets I said look into ours will be
gonna believe me the Gulf reliance they
won't come back but they said we sever
ties I said I don't care service I don't
wear ties were made in China it always
trouble
gutless people so the reason that we're
getting this receptivity which is like
this all over the place is because they
said they should have been assigned a
big document which is a one-page
document which basically you're giving
your life away and I saw a great summer
really I couldn't tell you the ones but
you know what he says I know which one
but they started coming but what happens
is that this is probably not as rich as
people actually one of the reasons I
want to recommend one of my life and
it's so true so I have like about a
hundred and two pages or 98 pages of
stuff and they have all these boxes over
50 million over 50 million and I and it
was a nominal better and people realize
it was a net worth in this is not
bragging and I'm gonna tell you why
over ten billion dollars that's good
right very little debt very little and
then come with psych I think it's over
four hundred million dollars a year is a
good my son is here look at her legend
lives on that
it says your online income and it's like
you know very different things but
basically over 400 million a year 365
anybody that would not want to make that
much money in one year
well with it comes responsibility but I
will tell you this reason people like
what i'm saying is because I want to put
that energy whatever the hell kind of
energy is I don't get screwed up it's
good if it's genius if it's whatever it
is I know how to do things I know and
I'm not gonna do I i won't care about
you know what a great building on
pennsylvania right opposite between as
you know the white house and the old
post office real estate business slogan
always get the post office post office
in washington D C and I got it from the
Obama administration now that's cool
deal making one of the most sought-after
buildings in the history of the general
services administration and I got it and
you know what they did the right thing
because we're doing a great job and we
had a great statement they want to make
sure it gets done and it'll be opening
and here's a little story it's now under
budget and ahead of schedule do you have
to hear that from from government and we
just finished around a lot of great job
and my son is here and it does anybody
ever heard of it
and I'm not gonna let him do any big
deals but you know what my whole energy
who cares doesn't mean anything
my whole energy my whole be is going to
be to make our country rich and to make
our country great again that's what my
home
and that's my primary it's a great up to
two nite always had an aptitude for
making money some people would say thats
nice one person said mr. Trump thats
regress the country rich in order to
make our country great I have to get
rich again we're dead early do you agree
with me so I
percent I couldn't care less if I
couldn't care less about any of our
stuff my kids are really good very nice
and I just wanna
countries so great and that's what's
going to happen and that's what's going
on
as an example
give me a couple examples in Alabama USA
steal the closure essentially a pleasure
and I said why what happened and I went
around and I said anybody work there no
I don't think so I hope not but big
closure and one of the reasons that
China is dumping so much steel into the
United States and other company other
countries also but China I love that
sign look at that
wow wow that's true the only probably
breaking everybody thank you so so eine
is dumping tremendous amount of steel
into our country the government to
subsidize it's almost like they want us
to just die and they have no respect for
us and again you know the largest bank
in the world is in one of my buildings
and they buy apartments and spent so
much money am I gonna just like them I
love them
the problem is that I say it all the
time their leaders are really small
they're really coming they're really
sure and we have done these right we
have damaged we have done these
people that don't have a clue I don't
know you know some people say they're
bad people I don't think they're bad
people I think they're incompetent
people a lot of people that I don't
think they've been I think they're
incompetent so you look at China and
what they've done and you know last week
and I said this and I've been saying for
a long time you've been hearing last
week they devalued the currents and
having a lot of hard times because of
what they do and when I hear devaluation
of the Chinese currency you know the
word the sucking action that's cool
that's something like a vacuum sucking
action to things happen two things get
sucked out of us our jobs and our money
not think of it
China product picture takes our place
and we owe them one point four trillion
dollars that's like a magic called the
magic deck in reverse
we owe them money in japan is back
have obvious the new prime ministers you
know I'll be really i mean he's
60 minutes and they doing this feature
and Caroline Kennedy and she's very nice
little while longer because he likes
anybody that my daughter likes right
anybody my daughter like we love you so
so what happens during a feature and
they should and with a very important
position because we negotiate you know
you need somebody
killer or killers dumped you need
somebody so they said how did you get
the impression she said well this is a
pretty close you can check it out well I
don't know I wanted a job and had
nothing to do so I went to the white
house and I said good job thing for me
to do and they should how would you like
to be ambassador to japan and she should
really this is and then they show the
rest of the show was her being wined and
dined by Avi and all of these killers
wined and dined she's being credited at
dinner
lunches and breakfasts to do anything
they want so I have the smartest
toughest mean is in many cases most
horrible human beings and their killers
negotiators some nice people very nice
people but I will put martyrs smarter we
have the best of the world we don't use
them we used political hacks diplomat we
as people that don't have any business
ability we have people use people that
have never done a job somebody saw my
blame them
up to the plate and you know like
there's an example Carl Icahn did anyone
ever hear he's an unbelievably brilliant
stuff I called them i didnt wear them
two nights ago I'm doing pretty well I'm
leaving every poll you can't believe I
said I get there I want you to oversee
the negotiations with China China and
Japan do it I'll do it remember when I
said somebody has blood coming out of
her eyes with a ride while he had blood
coming out of he will do it is
unbelievable unbelievable negotiator and
I know what I know the best I know the
worse I know the ones that are overrated
I know the ones that you've never heard
about or read about the better than all
of them but calls one of the great
cities very famous a very rich and he
would love to do it gives him that he
knows what's happening
ripping us so they send their self over
here and actually somebody the other day
said china has done to the United States
is the greatest single theft in the
history of the world said we've rebuilt
china we've rebuilt China so you know we
have free trade the problem with free
trade is when you have free trade very
important you need competently that's
the one problem with free trade I like
free trade I'm a free-trader negotiators
a great leaders we don't have that so
we're getting killed by everybody I use
these three countries we don't make good
use everybody is killing so we
will have believable as the manufacturer
drive to do business with China and what
he's going he's a good man great product
better than what they do they don't want
him sending the stuff you know it's
impossible to do business I can get my
brother finally get a product in there
and they charge a massive tax which they
call a terror because it sounds a little
more sophisticated because it's
impossible to do business which bowling
does this is which and they want all of
their Intel they want their copyrights
every other ones were not bind lines and
then I'll building big factories in
China don't blame China I respect them
and our leaders to be so stupid and
Mexico is the same thing you know mexico
the other day
nabisco nabisco I love you realize I'm
never eating again
disco closes a plant they just announced
a couple of days ago in Chicago in the
plant to mexico y
have you heard my story my favorite
stories you've heard the story with 42
we wanted to get alright I mean that's a
big 10 Ford great company building a 2.5
billion dollar car factory in places all
over the United States shipbuilding this
massive factory in mexico so I wanted
his grade school I was actually you know
I went to this great place the Wharton
School of Finance hardest gonna get it
even then it was hard to get into the
artist but I went to this great business
school and I get business and I fully
understand so they're building a tornado
in Joplin closer Brad is certainly going
to rebuild atlantic reserve guard
yourself as a result is that there's no
tax is no not so much loving plants here
that building this massive plant in
Mexico another plant also another big
foreign car company there was a plant
being built it was all set to get
started they're going to announce it in
Tennessee you read about a couple of
months ago
Wall Street Journal all set to get
started all of a sudden Mexico took it
away and now it's not going to be built
in terms of its gonna be built in Mexico
so sort is there a plan and here's what
I did I said to myself I give myself the
right position and I say let's assume
that somebody else becomes president
will not be horrible so let's assume
somebody else becomes president let's
assume a very low energy purchase very
very low energy so low energy that every
time you watch him you fall asleep
so let's say jim baker's dozen
not
not
first thing that happens in schools go
to help people flow over the world but
forgetting about that so let's say the
jet doesn't want this plant built so
they get a call him to head for
president
the next day or the next hour he's gonna
get a call from the lobbyists and the
special interests as donors we gave you
$1,000,000 idea one hundred and twenty
million dollars we want that thing don't
you can't do that our people
ok it's gotta get done the plant will
get built now let's take something
better
question who would you rather have
negotiating with China Japan Mexico
water
this report that came out last week's
hours leading in the polls and everybody
says why don't I have a pollster but
they'll go out every day I wake up you
know they pay these guys like $100,000 a
month and they can't function because
unless they're going have invented with
a pollster they can talk and I say why
they are you the polls show when every
day there's a new poll in like 30 pages
I don't have to get a pollster what
they'll do I needed save you money but
really very very expensive very well
done really well done because I was
leading by a lot of ways that they had
leadership I was way ahead of everyone
they had a very good people but the
thing and I do very well at it
military I am
and so powerful
power and so great that will never have
to use it nobody's gonna mess with us
mostly
so I look at the various things to do
with our country and by the way one of
them to take care of the ball but they
did a poll on like who is one of the
most popular with thats I was the most
popular person like me and I love them
five years these senators and these
other than jeff is congressman these
people in Washington including
presidents have done things it's gonna
take care of our
so they do this poem and in the poll I
was a nice person they said was the
nicest I was like I'm a nice person who
cares
woman came up to me she said I'm not
sure that your nice enough to be
president but this is not going to be an
election based on a nice person it's
going to be based on a competent person
I want on the economy I want on jobs I
want leadership by massive numbers like
I wanted all these categories
why do we need election we don't need an
election these are such important out of
doors but I as an amazing experience
because the time I announced almost the
first week I was a rough week but the
press by the way
largely very dishonest I have to say
this the political media I actually
think that the political media is less
popular than Congress can you believe it
and congress is almost congress has
almost no rating and and in all fairness
because with all those cameras they're
all live in the trying to shut off the
camera right now but you know what
they're all alive and so many life
campers but look at thank you
this very dishonest but there is a
certain group that are fantastic people
and every once in a while I get an
honest story and I love it I cherish
those stories are not often but they
care so that we we have you have to
understand and they have they're really
pretty much don't forget when I first
read I said you know it's amazing
went to a great school family we believe
in the gene thing you know I do like
they used to say secretary of course is
actually secretary wasn't one of the
best of you but interior that but then I
went out and made a tremendous couple to
tremendous fortune and big company I did
the art of the deal and many books are
best-sellers part of the deal was one of
the biggest-selling maybe the biggest
selling business books of all time I did
the apprentice we love the apprentice
remember BC hates me because they
renewed the apprentice and I said excuse
me I'm not doing it I'm running for
president gonna make the country great
again they are toy
actually came up to my office the top
people great people from NBC and they
said please please run run and i said im
not running I'm most of the advertising
said I'm gonna run and I'm going to make
our country great you are so so I look
at the landscape I look at where we're
going look at where we've been we've had
a horrible number of years
number of years we can realize i watch
the general the other day on television
was just retiring which is of course I
do you think will go against Isis I
don't know it's going to be very tough
can you believe this
General George Patton General Douglas
MacArthur are spinning in their graves
as you listen to spinning in their
graves jobs are hard and I look at
what's going on with the landscape and
then I get to meet all of the people
that I met over the last period of time
and i want to tell you it's been it's
been amazing it's been really and I want
to finish up with a couple of little
points one of them is all I love is
so when I get the call I say no no no
built in the United States gonna say no
we don't want to do I say let me tell
you sir you gonna build in the United
States and I will be called by people
but I will not have any of them money so
I don't care and then to say and I'll
call them and I'll say listen here's the
story building
billion dollars in mexico charge you a
tremendous little 35% tax person and
that is going to be for every car in a
report and every drop it comes into the
united states and here's what's going to
happen what's going to happen is she was
sitting there going to come back to me
the following day I would say the
following afternoon let's say 12 I say
by the time the day I don't like
underneath this one is too easy and
they're gonna come back and they gonna
say mister president gonna get caught by
the lobbyists are going to get this done
who say no interest within 24 hours they
will say mister president what you doing
to us this terrible we will build the
United States we will build the plant
it doesn't help us it doesn't help us
when you look at what's going on when
you look at what's going on we're in the
business closing in so many places are
closing when you look at the kind of
money that these countries are making
and i'm naming a few I mean so many
countries we don't have anything well
we're running on fumes we're running on
you know there's nothing here when you
look at what happens this so much
sharper this so much smarter and we're
not we need to have our borders we need
to make great deals you know the man in
the back just how would you like to be
israel right now they rely on us
sanity they're great people and we have
a deal that is so incompetent so bad
think of the deal we make a deal
our chief negotiator goes into a bicycle
race at 73 years old he breaks his leg
that was the good part of our deal that
was the only thing that happened and I
told people last week told us last week
I swear to you I will never ever ride a
bicycle at least in a race but we have a
new thing that just came up yesterday of
the deal we know all about the 24 day
period right but the 24 day parent
doesn't start that Clark doesn't start
ticking for a long time for a long time
so that could be forever so they're
doing something believe me by the time
we get there first of all why aren't
they giving us back up business and
second can you believe this can you
believe it I'm second double the other
day it was determined that
very important section maybe the most
important right is going to do their own
policing
they are going to tell us we swear we're
not building anything it's it's sad it's
so sad
Obamacare
we are going to repeal and replace it
we we are going to come up with a plan
and there are so many different ways you
know you don't know this because you
don't think about it this way you know
the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare
on the insurance company remember I told
you special interests and lobbyists the
insurance companies love it we can have
such great plan it would get rid of the
artificial lines around everything I
have a huge huge company I want to go
should I like that one group they don't
negotiate some of the people that own
businesses know what I'm talking about
the insurance companies are so protected
they're making a fortune
gonna make it so competitive we're gonna
get rid of the artificial barriers and
Obamacare I mean you look at what's
happening with your premiums i mean look
at this look at what's happening just
take a look at what's happening to the
deductibles highest possible it's
impossible
health care we're gonna fix women's
health issues we're gonna fix you know
my wife came up to me the other day and
she said it's really sad because people
don't understand how you cherish woman I
want I will protect women so important
and I heard some of the other candidates
Japanese some of the others the other
day saying we're not gonna fun various
women's health issues can you believe
this I said that's the end of his
election I don't think like that do much
to agree on women's health issues
a few hours later he came back and he
said he misspoke ok but women's health
issues so important where they'll end up
taking our country we are going to make
it so strong so powerful so loved by
people again so you know the problems
that we have and you don't see it
tonight but you see it is a tremendous
lack of sleep and I actually thought
that President Obama the one thing he
was an experience he never produced the
job lots of other things but I actually
thought that he would be a great really
great cheerleader for the country when
he was elected I thought that was really
turned out to be a great divider as
opposed to a great game
and you look at Baltimore you look at
Ferguson you look at st. Louis last
night over the last week you look at all
the things that are happening we're
sitting on our couch there's no say
there's no jobs anything we are going to
take this country I am going to be the
greatest jobs president that God ever
created
I will you are you know I oftentimes say
the American dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and stronger and more
powerful than ever before and that's
what's going to happen I am going to
make this country bigger and stronger
and better and you get a lot of your
president and whether it turn this
around so proud
whole thing is make America great again
we are going to make america better than
it's ever been and we're gonna love
doing it and we're gonna have fun doing
it and I just want to thank everybody
does this has been really really

you very much everybody this is
beautiful we just kept driving and
driving and driving we're pretty far up
and I said that's a great group of
people this is what it's all about these
are the people that build their country
how large a debate last night is good
right it was good we had a lot of fun we
gave very high grades and that even
people that hate me gave me good marks
is that amazing some of those pundits
they hate me so much and it was so hard
one of them said he won the debate i
cant stand and I can't stand it they
were they were almost crying you know
one of the things that was interesting
and he came across even more so on
television last night was the room was
loaded up I think they had like a
thousand seats which is in a very big
room that's far less than the people we
have tonight
today but they had a thousand and there
was supposed to have the young people
from the college and what happens is all
the rich donors and special interests
and the lobbyists got all the tickets
right
and I know so many among look at in the
fashion these people there
lot of money tremendous money by the way
in that room last night but I'm look at
these people those angry faces and they
look at me how could you do this to us
so I and you so when I complained I said
all these people they giving bush's just
wasting money he's just wasting and he's
taking it why don't you just throw it
out the window you should what they
should do is give it to the vets that
would be really nice but I got like
bush's got a hundred and twenty eight
million dollars have never seen it is at
the bottom of the pack and just it's
just a total it so what situation well
actually it's a waste because all of
those hands that he's got make a lot of
money you know they make a lot of money
so what do you what you do is look at is
a Roman I see special-interest guys I
see people that represent the insurance
companies the oil companies the drug
companies that's why we pay so much you
know the drugs you know what's happening
with the drugs health of medicare and
other things with the largest purchaser
in the world
prescription drugs and other drugs to
make people better and with the largest
and yet we buy for practically the same
price if you go to the local drugstore
and take something off the counter you
know people say you think you could find
any waste in the country how about like
you won't believe what we're gonna buy
this is just one thing out of many so if
you go to the drug store and pick up a
set that much difference in price
because we're not allowed for some
reason I don't know what the reason is I
dunno what the reason is but I don't
know how they can sell it we're not
allowed to negotiate drug prices can you
believe it so we buy drugs biggest in
the world and we have about three
hundred billion dollars more though as
opposed to it we negotiated the price so
there's three hundred billion on day one
we saw that his a difference in the room
last night you had representatives of
drug companies they are giving money to
numerous of these people like the head
of Johnson and Johnson is jeb Bush's top
fund-raiser
well I mean tell me so let me ask you do
you think jeb Bush's going to make drug
prices competitive when he's a good guy
is what he Johnson he's a friend of mine
is a great guy but what did Johnson is
the head of jeb Bush's fundraising so
let's say jet one which is an
impossibility but let's say but this
applies to everybody else let's say jet
11 Johnson of Johnson and Johnson is the
head of his palace it possible for jet
in all fairness suggests to say what it
was gonna go out and fight competitively
billions and billions of dollars that
they won't collect data collecting right
now and profits and that's the way out
countries working folks so what happened
is I made the announcement last night
that in the room you know what happened
a lot of the kids there was like seven
or eight hundred passes for kids and I
blame the orange this I mean I think
it's terrible what happened last night I
wanted tickets they said you have twenty
tickets 20 tickets I'm the one that
brought all the action right am I the
one I mean if these other guys came up
it today that before people in the front
row the owner of the building wasn't
even meant for this he said this is the
biggest crowd we've ever had so what
happens is we thought it was a protest
it's a friend I love protesters gives
the cameras follow they won't follow and
accepted so it's not possible that you
know you look at it and you you see the
kind of money you talking about but so I
myself am putting up my own money that's
a nice
I'm way under budget you know right now
i'm forty million eight closer than
maybe fifty but I'm forty million
dollars under budget that nice thank you
I'm forty million dollars under budget
and I'm number one in the polls are
right
a guy like jeff has spent a hundred and
ten million dollars and he's down in the
Boone down here can you imagine that
it's just what the country we gotta get
the guy I give the example of education
in the world in the world were ranked
number thirty but we're number one and
cost per pupil by lot number two is like
so far down they don't even consider a
number too so we we are by far the most
expensive and yet we have what number
thirty we have third-world countries
that do better than as now you have
Sweden and Norway and Denmark and China
in the top 40 50 right but will number
thirty and yet we spend more now
wouldn't it be nice if you could take a
look at what I'm doing here if we could
spend less and be one or two or five or
something you know now one of the
reasons we do so badly as common core
common core's a disaster coming quarters
a complete disaster so we get rid of
that and we start educating your
children in new hampshire well locally i
mean the people they hate coming quarter
but then I hated because they're bad
people are haters and i'd haters they're
headed for a different reason it's no
good
who wants to have a bureaucrat in
washington taking care and educating
your kids we don't want to do you want
to have local education and I'd say that
I watch it is beautiful the parents and
they have two children and they have
their boys and it's so beautiful and
then by the way their children graduated
they say on the boards because they love
to school because their children went
there that's what you have to have it so
important so we want to be at a point
where we can spend less money and have a
far stronger country and a better
country I look at military expenditures
you know I'm going to build the military
bigger
better stronger and I guarantee we can
do it unless you know I hear stories
like you know they're ordering missiles
that they don't want because of politics
because of special interests because the
company that makes the missiles as a
contributor and the other company that
makes the missiles that are good isn't
so we're ordering missiles that the
generals don't want because of politics
so is the beauty they come to me and
they say we would like you to use such
and such a company he helped your
friends I don't give up my friends I
have no friends as far as I'm concerned
you know you know who my friends are you
my friends so I think self-funding as a
big deal I'm the only one that
self-funding Democrat Republican
everyone else is taking money from the
bloodsuckers you know when these guys
are really good when they give our
candidates when they give ted five
million dollars when they give Marco
Demark
did Ted do well as how did you like my
answer when they talked about
waterboarding did people like that
there's some people thought it was you
know controversy ok so we have
waterboarding some people considered
less than 20 chip much less than
tortured and I said and they gave the
engine 10 and Ted didn't like you know
he wanted to stay away from it I didn't
he said he didn't like the concept of
the water but it wasn't that he went to
stay away from it and my answer was this
we are living in medieval times there's
never been a time like this what I used
to read medieval times they jump you
head off and I haven't heard that you
know even in the Wild West you get shot
right to shoot you but they don't jump
ahead off so now they chop you have
James Foley you look at what's going on
and I said to myself what avoiding what
it what is peanuts compared to what
they're doing and they said about
waterboarding the question has died and
I said look as far as I'm concerned what
aborting immediately is ok and we can
get much worse than waterboarding that's
okay too and everybody was shocked and
they all like in in life and in business
you have to know that's right
politically correct we don't want to be
politically correct says the man with
the Red Hat saying make America great
again right
but so important and and it wasn't just
a question was coming up but I gave an
answer that wasn't may be politically
politically correct we don't have the
time we don't have the strength we don't
have anything to be its ok you want to
be you want to be good you want to be
good people but they are doing such a
horrible thing you know when they're
willing to fly airplanes into the World
Trade Center fly airplanes into the
Pentagon had an airplane into the white
house where we had some very brave souls
on that plane that ditched it before it
got there right in Pennsylvania right
those people are great but when they
have this kind of hatred in this kind of
evil water body and I guarantee you this
sitting back there saying can you
imagine these stupid people talking
about waterboarding like it's the worst
thing and they're chopping off heads so
when they gave me the question and the
best response I got last night from all
of these donors that you have to
understand they weren't might donors
they would donors did these other guys
and you could see pockets they went out
cause they're rich and they bought the
tickets from the kids that were given
the tickets to kids made a fortune last
night the kids with scalping tickets
last night and the people out there and
I was told no no we gave them to the
children of the college unless the child
is 54 years old and lives on Park Avenue
cell I looked at that audience I said
this is really tough because I have an
audience where I am their worst
nightmare because I'm not taking their
money I'm richer than they are
I don't need the money and that's what
we need that's what we need so it was a
very interesting people found that
interesting last I heard about it I said
thank you very much
and we have fun they are paying for the
first of all they are why wouldn't they
they make a fortune off the United
States they have not helped us at all
with illegal immigration we have
tremendous problems with illegal
immigration New Hampshire you know I
have so many friends in the lab and you
know before the political thing that we
started 7 months ago I've been up here
many times great place great people up
here and that's why that's why I'm
asking via vote you guys better but I
don't need your money you notice I said
I don't need your money I need your vote
right keep your money your money you
know most guys are saying well you can
give you will take anything you have
given us an undershirt dunno I don't
want anything I want one thing on
Tuesday you have to get out and vote
ok because we have a movement going on
that is unbelievable
what's going on is on the cover of Time
magazine last week and they talked about
this movement it's believable what's
happening and no matter where we go we
get these grads and we're gonna do great
in South Carolina waiting to grade in
Novato had degraded the SEC which of the
next the next events but we have
something going on and and it's a simple
Oakland it is make America great again
we're going to make America great again
and we maybe have a chance of making
america greater than it's ever been
before going to bring our jobs back you
know you got stripped in new hampshire
you get absolutely strip but one of the
things I hear about new hampshire so
much and it's shocking hurdle for a long
time now but but shocking because you
drive through the beautiful wooded areas
it's a beautiful place it's of one of
the most beautiful places you'll ever
see
and it's a tremendous sure there's a
love story and is a great spirit in new
hampshire there's a great spirit but one
of the problems and it just doesn't seem
to go and that's why it's so surprising
to me and maybe it makes more of an
impression that heroin problem the the
drug problem and all of the stuff that's
pouring in
is is incredible I mean the drugs coming
into new hampshire is just incredible
and when I'm with when I'm with people
when I you know when I i come out and
I'm with groups of people talk about
like let's talk about the military which
they do talk about and they talk about
the best we have al
the owner was such a nice guys on him I
said I'd like it if the might just work
you know why I could say well that's all
we can go folks and be nice to know
we're not going to pay the rent right
we're not going to give them to you know
the country would pay the rent of Adam I
can work if the mic doesn't work for me
I say sorry I'm not paying anything
right now anyway but we have a long we
have so many of the people from the feds
but the thing that I hear more than
anything else in terms of new
hampshire's problems is the drug problem
and you just don't associated with sure
but they have a tremendous problem it's
pouring across from largely from the
southern border and we're gonna put that
one up and you're not going to have that
problem we gotta take the people that
are addicted and badly badly badly
addicted and will work to get them
better and then you know it's
interesting it's interesting with a drug
and alcohol and other addictions but if
you don't start it's really easy to sell
ok it's like drunken if you never smoked
a cigarette you don't have a problem if
you never start taking the drugs you
have a problem and when we make it so
hard for them to get into the country
beyond even new hampshire because
whether to have that wall that was gonna
be so big and so strong and so powerful
and we're gonna have a border guards
Wigan have a border guard you know a
couple of these politicians and I'm
dealing with it politicians they said to
me about two months ago they said you
can't really build a wall donald can you
build buildings in the ninety four
stories tall walls you know I mean give
me a break and and and it'll be a nice
long beautiful it'll be a big wall a
beautiful well they will get a name that
Trump someday maybe right so we have to
make you know I don't want to but but it
will be a powerful wall and I always
talk about their right now they have
these walls let it build ramps I never
understood they build ramps going over
these little walls
you know we have also already little
balls on the little baby walls and they
build ramps and they have these trucks
driving trucks driving right over the
Rams over the wall and down loaded up
with drugs they drop the drugs off all
over the country then they come back
over the rap I said what are they just
knocked down it's a little while I never
understood why did they buy the new why
do they do the ramp I guess maybe they
want to be nice to us that I wanna do
any destruction right so we end up
getting the drugs and they end up
getting the money not gonna happen that
way they more folks like it happened
that way so when I say I'm gonna build a
wall these politicians come up to me and
they're well-meaning but that
politicians they don't know anything
that I mean honestly they know one thing
how to get reelected that's what they
know they're good at that and the way
they get re-elected as all those guys in
the audience last night take care of him
and the drug company guys make sure that
you never negotiate the price of drugs
and the oil guys make sure that all good
things happen with respect to oil right
and all of these existing cause I was on
the other side of the system for a long
time and a very big don't know and I
understand it but when you have the
insurance companies you look at
insurance health insurance
the reason we have the lines you
artificial lines around each state is
because the health insurance companies
to come the insurance companies want to
have it that way because they'd rather
have monopolies in each state that have
hundreds of companies going all over the
place bidding so that we can get up
prices way way way down because
Obamacare is a disaster that is
expensive and it's no good and it
doesn't work so the insurance companies
say they were in the room I saw him last
night I know these people the insurance
companies say I want to take new york
you take you take some other place you
take iowa you take some of the place I
want california personally california's
very good but they have lines around the
state's ok and new hampshire as the same
thing and for those of you that don't
business is very hard to get many
competitive bids so what the insurance
companies as they say I'd rather have
new hampshire and not have a lot of
bidding then have the right to build all
over the united states right one problem
you can make the deal so hard for me to
make deals I have thousands of employees
so hard for me to make deals on health
care because they can't get bids
all right now once we get rid of the
lines it'll be easy why can't we get rid
of the lines because the insurance
companies give tremendous political
contributions to the guys that I want to
stage with so whether it's insurance
companies that the drug companies in the
oil companies sold the same thing we're
never gonna get our country back if we
keep doing this we never get to get it
back I tell the story and to me it's a
great I could use any one of a hundred
different places probably much more than
that but we're Ford moves you know
they're building the big plant and the
building in Mexico and their clothes in
a lot of plants are building a two and a
half billion dollar automobile plant
trucks automobiles and parts two and a
half billion in
Mexico and I say how is that good how is
that good for us
new hampshire knows better than any
other business to mexico ok I see these
places now that our summer empty and
summer converted the senior citizens
summit converted to apartments but in
the meantime you need jobs you don't
necessarily need the apartments you need
jobs and you take in the jobs out there
giving him to other countries and we can
end that we're not going to let it
continue to happen we're not gonna have
any jobs you look at manufacturing right
now look at caterpillar tractors a great
great company but if you look at what
japan is doing with their currency the
yen did dropping the hell out of there
devaluing their currency to such a point
that Komatsu is not get the hell outta
caterpillar we have to say you gonna do
that we don't want your car's ok they
won't believe it except the messages you
gotta have the right message now you
gotta have the right message you know
see the problem is we have people that
don't know the first thing about
negotiation really business but common
sense but it's ago she Asian these
people are rank amateurs they are I
don't want to say I wish I get in
trouble see those be able see all those
cameras back there they've never driven
so far to get to a location but you see
all those cameras back there but it's
really true we have tremendous power
because China is sucking ass try and
without US china we've rebuilt China
they've taken our jobs are based
thousands and millions of jobs by the
way not douses millions and millions of
jobs
thousand
and thousands of factories have closed
cuz its China and it doesn't do us any
good and by the way they sell their
product they put it in no tax no nothing
you try putting your product into China
you can do it
ok it's really hard now Boeing tried it
and they made Boeing build a whole new
big airplane complex and they kept all
of its intellectual property they wanted
to stay wanted that and all of a sudden
boeing's gonna have this massive place
in China and then I have to build a
place here anymore so how does it help
us it's gonna be a whole different ball
game so we have a lot of power over
these over these countries now when
Japan takes there yet have a very strong
leader very smart later one of the best
leaders in a long time when Japan I get
along with them great
you like me I like him but I just name
is Abby we're not gonna be able to be
able to rip us off anymore it's ok don't
worry about respect us more I have the
biggest bank in the world is attended to
one of my building since from China I
sell millions in the tens of millions of
dollars of apartments condominiums in
Manhattan to Chinese people I love China
I don't look there's nothing wrong I
like China I like Japan ok now what does
that say I know that's okay that's not a
protest that's a friend that's a friend
had a very bad boy so for a friend right
that's a very very hostile voice for a
friend anyway so what we have to do what
we have to do
get them at the amazing thing you know
people they lost the last people get a
match security Liz
you know it's it's an amazing thing
we're talking about japan everybody
ripping so we're talking about health
care military events but it's all good I
mean there's nothing bad I always say if
I could take a person like that sitting
in a room for 10 minutes a doctor them i
get some unless they got I don't want to
say okay who's who said that raised yeah
that's my man so anyway so we have the
greatest business leaders in the world
waited to take those trade deals we're
gonna rip up and was gonna read to them
and they gonna be great what to do and
we have all the power you know see Obama
doesn't think we have any power we r
Japan right now one point six trillion
dollars we owe China 1.7 trillion
dollars it's amazing they come in they
take our jobs they take our money and we
owe them money it's like magic act in
reverse
no good for us good for them they take a
job they take on Monday they ruin our
base we are gonna happen and we have
carl icahn one of the great business
been very rich guy billionaire many
times over we have a lot of the great
businessmen they are then I supporting
me because I don't want their money but
they are endorsing me and they want to
take these guys these are killers is a
people that you meet some of them you
would like some very nice not a lot of
him who cares who cares
summer vicious violent horrible human
beings do we can right now we have nice
people right now we have political hacks
negotiating with China I mean I deal
with China they're unbelievable they
come in in 20 people will come into big
one do you know like 20 2012 make sure
nobody's making a mistake and their
stuff and they don't walk in and say oh
isn't a beautiful day so lovely how's
everything going let's have dinner they
come in we will make deal ok there's no
games folks we play game
ames is no games their business I like
it there about business and we have and
we have we have political hacks we have
people that don't know the first thing
you gonna do we gonna get our final
which we should have been doing for
years we're gonna get the finance
business people in the world are best
negotiators are smartest people they
don't want anything they don't want it
and we gotta make great jail cell with
china we had a trade deficit of
$500,000,000 and that's what we have
between three and five hundred billion
dollars a year
Beltran of a deal is that and you want
to do business with them again with
japan is a massive deficit also swollen
but a massive deficit look at the power
we're look at the power we have to
negotiate if we haven't told them look
we're not gonna be able to take you cars
but meant to but we have to mean it you
know some of our guys I remember many
years ago he said that the Japan and
they were just about ready to make the
right deal and our guys cracked and you
know why they cracked because the
lobbyists and special interests got them
to crack so we never took it to the end
because they send us I was in Los
Angeles I saw the biggest ships I've
ever seen they loaded up with cuz they
come pouring like the expressway forty
miles an hour off these big boats and
then the boats go back to get more data
we get we send them like beef and they
don't want to be afraid they send it
back and by the time we send it the
fourth time they take it and then they
call it Kobe beef and there's a lot more
money because it's aged it's really age
we should get a discount then the judge
much more so we we can and we have fun
but you know I gotta have fun if we can
smile at ourselves and have weakened
smile at house stupidly were being run
then we're just gonna make ourselves
that feels so good so we have to smell
but we're not smiling you know they
recently nikki Haley she made a speech
and it's fine that you talked about
anger and she's
said essentially the donald Trump is
angry and this was her response to the
president's page and she said
essentially donald Trump is not known
and she's been very nice and i've
supported a little bit and and but she
said it not nice and I was actually the
previous debate the one that I didn't
raise the six million dollar so that's
where I was very happy with the one I
didn't go to I actually that was my best
performance I raised six million dollars
or not the last one that I didn't do i
think is my best performance because I
got the vet $6,000,000 nobody even knows
about it but we got the vets the Mets
know about it and al knows about it I so
where is el where the hell is out
there's wears out how do I get up here
this guy is so great he devotes his life
to the vents and he's been so supportive
of him I got a recognizable come on we
love them know we love them
I had the opportunity to meet you early
about why a 22 year Murray in a ten-year
legislature and one who said no Sun no
war then went to war supplies donald
Trump 50% he goes to my event she goes
to other people's events and he wants to
find out where it's all coming from and
he knows who's gonna take care of the
vets and it's not going to be the
politicians they talk you know they're
all talk and no action so now we're
gonna build the military the same way
we're talking about with trade within a
building military we gonna build it up
but we gonna negotiate prices and when
is the right companies and we're going
to get the right stuff we had the
greatest ever created and it's not going
to be political anymore
the money they're spending on things
they don't even one is ridiculous and
then they're sending it over debt allies
that don't wanna fight and that bullet
shot you know I always talk about 2,300
humvees armor-plated the best in the
world now I love the wounded warriors if
they had these they wouldn't be walking
around or not walking around they
wouldn't be in the condition they're in
they are they're the most amazing people
of all would you say you know they have
been I see these people and their their
legs are gone or their arms are gone or
worse and they they have a better
attitude then we have their unbelievable
people but we send over 2,300 the best
armor-plated humvees in the world and a
bullet shot and we give them to our
allies our allies we don't even know who
the hell are allies are we don't even
know who they are we giving them to
people that are fighting governments
with better of letting the damn
government say that cuz these ppl worse
than the government's spending billions
and billions so we give them humvees
they have no spirit to fight a shots
fired in the air
they've run out of the hundreds dead
gone and the enemy takes over 2,300
what the hell are we doing ok what are
we doing so if you remember I said take
the oil right I was the first and you
know it's funny I said take the oil for
four years I've been saying take the L
now they take that take it though the
bombing at the bombing and extremely
gentle II because they're afraid that
it's going to Cory's an environmental
hazard in there can you believe no can
you believe this
General George Patton ever said we can't
bomb the oil because it may have an
impact on the carbon footprint you think
George Patton he would have slapped the
hell of that environment let you know
that that environmental is little walked
up to him general you cannot bomb
because residue will go into the
atmosphere and it will affect their
carbon footprint you know George Patton
one-and-done he would have slapped the
hell out of that gas that would have
been the end of that environmentalist
by the way I've received so many
environmental awards and I'm not gonna
knock we need to clean air we need clean
water we need beautiful beautiful clean
water we need clean air and I get a
check with the press not funny
the president talks about the carbon
footprint then he goes to Hawaii and the
seven forty-seven air force one that's
very old with the old engines at spears
carbon and everything else into the air
and he goes to Hawaii stays there I
guess almost three weeks and then he
comes back on this massive plane with
massive engines and the very old and
they're not environmentally friendly to
put it mildly
and then he gets back into drugs about
the carbon footprint give me a break
stays there for three weeks a lot of
golf he plays one doubts that the guys
on the PGA Tour player so where did it
let it build up I'm not sure but we're
gonna build it up with supervision where
we get better than we're getting down
for no more money we can build it I
don't even like to say less money but we
can build up our military and will build
it bigger better stronger than ever
before and we won't spend anymore money
it's just like the drug situation white
told you when we can negotiate the price
you probably have
that same stuff in the military people
don't want to talk about it cause I want
to keep it that way am I gonna make
enemies with some of my old friends my
old friends some of those guys I said
there i I looked and then you wonder why
they booed me when I had tacked poor
poor poor Jeb Bush who brings out his
mother because he needed help he needed
help mommy please come walk into snow
mom and I like his mother but I don't
like that stuff we gotta do it on our
own ok gotta do it so we're gonna do
that with a military and within a week
to make this country so strong and will
make those borders so strong and I'm
telling you I was gonna tell you about
the Ford plant so here's what happens so
Ford opens as planned I wouldn't let it
happen I wouldn't let it happen but
let's say hillary can you believe it
now I will say this I don't agree with
Bernice and his own much although I
agree with them and do things trade on
trade he said were being ripped off he
just doesn't know how much I know how
much bigger than even the difference is
I could fix the trade and I'm going to
make a lot of money with dread she can't
do anything about he just doesn't being
ripped off
she's got half of it but he doesn't have
that there but he's right with hillary
because she's she's receiving a fortune
from a lot of people there's no way
she's going to tell afford to do
anything because I know people that she
can't do it she can't do it if you
wanted to do so here's what happens so I
say I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let that
happen
was not moving a lot of power and we
want to use it and if Hillary says it
well I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna let
it happen and then the following hours
you get a call from one of our donors
are one of the lobbyists representing
for that gave millions of dollars to
hillary was one of the special interests
or one of the shareholders that they
know you have to let it a hundred
percent now here's a difference they
call me and they're saying mister
president is a wonderful day explained
to me I was good
closing up in Michigan and other places
plans to build in mexico please explain
how it's good and they'll say well
that's good but we do want to build
their shit that's ok you can build it
but we are going to charge you a 35
percent tax for every car every truck
every part that you bring a closeup what
we have to do it we have to do it
and here's what's gonna happen standing
there and I'm sorry we couldn't get you
seats but they're just too many people
don't worry about it but there they'll
say that this is a hundred percent like
maybe 82% there's a hundred percent
they'll say mr. president we have to
build the plant we want to build the
plant we have commitments about the plan
I said that's ok you gonna be 30 but
they are going to sit back the following
day and they're gonna say could we
persuade you say no then I'm gonna be
called by people that I know I'm going
to say no nobody gives me money I guess
I know and then I'm gonna say do it or
are they gonna say the father they got a
call me back within 48 hours and they're
going to say mister president we've
decided to build the plant and the
United States has happened as a hundred
percent 100% nabisco in chicago has a
massive plant no more Oreos they're
moving the plant to mexico no more areas
it's good thing we did all we could lose
away no more areas but nabisco has a big
plant in chicago they are moving the
plant to mexico Tennessee had a big deal
for a mess of automobile company was
going to build a big plant in tennessee
was all set the deal is almost said it
was going to be announced just before it
got announced they decided they were
going to move into mexico so you tell me
why we should allow this to happen and
while we should allow these cars and
these trucks and these parts to pour
into our country and no tax
ok now I'm a free trader but you can
only be a free-trader when something is
fair I want fairness same thing with
China China China said everything in
here you know we're still have still the
leaders of stupid people running things
China's sense
and billions and billions of product and
our country not tax notice you try
sending something into China you can't
do it folks they call it a tariff I have
a friend is a very rich guy
their rent one more time there's no red
one more time george if you pay their
rent one more time with this can you
fired George so I have a friend is a
rich expensive item but he bought an
airplane from the man in China who
bought the aeroplane over here and he
can't get it back to china because the
taxes so massive almost as much as the
price of the airplane that he was better
off selling the plane so he sold the
plane to my friend at a huge discount
because he didn't want to pay the
tremendous tariffs for a tax to get the
plane back into China people don't know
those stories people don't know those ok
and their stories are all over the place
all over the place a year ago have you
been following what I've been saying
almost I've been doing this deficit
evidence can you imagine have been a
politician for seven months so I can you
believe this june sixteenth coming down
the famous escalator a big decision
because it takes guts believe me to run
for president
tax cuts you need a lot of gods and that
we need a lot of energy and a lot of
everything you need a lot but it's going
great and we love it and we love it and
we love what we do with the in-game I
love doing it adds that I love this I
love the end game because we have
something that we cherish that we love
our country and we're gonna do such
great things whether you know we're
gonna do such great things but we're
coming down the escalator and if you
were here that I was I was talking about
in that general vicinity was talking
about what japan's doing and you see
what's happening with caterpillar and I
told you I have a friend who's a big
excavator by big equipment always buys
from Caterpillar and he bought from and
this was awhile now you see what's
happened to caterpillar stock but he
bought from camacho which is a big
excavate a big company that makes
tractors etcetera and Japan I said what
happened he said I love caterpillar but
I can't help it
have an obligation to my family my
company my employees I bought from
Komatsu why because they have so devalue
the yen that had no choice I had to do a
double and I said really and he felt
badly about it I said is the equipment
does good he said no but it's good it's
very good it's that bad but I had no
choice and I said the people you know if
you own caterpillar and some of these
companies with what these foreign
countries are doing with their
currencies especially China by the way
which is the case
jane king of the world of currency
manipulation the king of the world
they'll never allow our companies to
compete with their companies ever and
they do it based on currency
manipulation that's why the DPP the
trade agreement that they're trying just
sign is so bad china's not in the
agreement but the countries that are are
there's nothing really talking about
currency manipulation and that's the
principle tool that these countries are
using to kill us they killing us and
we're going to get it stopped and that
agreement is a horrible agreement and by
the way china is not in it now but it's
so beautifully set up there watching it
this study it they have it they are good
to go at some point into the back door
they'll be in it and they'll take over
that agreement and they'll make even
more money than the making right now so
I'm not upset with China I'm not upset
with mexico or Japan
an their leaders are just too smart for
the people running our country that
people running our country don't have a
clue they don't have a clue and I refuse
to say this stupid see the woman just
said they're still open I said I refuse
to say that I'm going to admonish you ok
you're admonished remember when the man
called out and said bad things about
Obama I was hit by the press or not
admonishing him so now what I'll do it
so that my ok that wasn't a very serious
admonishment was it like she's looking
down that don't feel when I throwing you
out if you're one of your one of our
fans right so we're not throwing you
stand right there but people that are
running our country and then you look at
the granddaddy of all which I thought
was the greatest but it's not the
greatest follows it so the UN deal where
we give them a hundred and fifty billion
dollars we get nothing for nothing not
even get i mean ultimately we got a
prison sentence made a hundred and fifty
billion has got to be the greatest
ransom in history of you think about it
right I just thought of this hundred and
fifty billion dollars to the floor guys
we get a hundred and fifty that should
have never happened we should have
gotten those persons back four years ago
i three years ago we have a person's
before we start the division they gonna
say no we're gonna say bye bye was gonna
leave the negotiation now enjoy yourself
and then you ratchet up all of the
things that we do right you ratchet the
hell out of it and you come back they'll
get a call within one day or two days if
they're tough and they are they're great
negotiators and they'll say we're gonna
give you that I go a step further I say
one of the reporters from CNN CNN Dana
commonly known as danna Wednesday
he said something I was very interested
to trade down a badge she's a great
great reporter great talent great on-air
talent but she said something she said
you know you've been saying about your
father my father said son take the lumps
yet cause he said sometimes I'm to
direct and I learned from my father
because he was a great teacher I learned
take the lumps out so now go back we
have a presence back right now I go in
to see our great negotiated is the
iranians the Persians persians a great
negotiations now in the old days I would
have said we're not giving you the
hundred and fifty billion dollars and
they'll get angry will get angry
everybody's angry and sometimes it takes
a long time to recover from that so
that's the old days but you get wise
special and have asked my father that
teaches you write so now I say
differently as a gentleman we have a
problem we r 19 trillion dollars
the republicans just approved a budget
that's going to add another two trillion
dollars it took them like less than a
day to get this thing done it's an
embarrassment that they improved it the
only one that benefits of the democrats
they got everything they wanted funding
the Syrian refugees coming in funding
other refugees coming in funding illegal
immigrants they got everything they
wanted right so now I see it differently
I say we don't have the money sorry I
want to give you the money so badly will
have anything ok that's nice and saying
we're not giving it is now so they get
angry but not nearly as angry because by
the time I finished with them they'll
feel sorry for us
okay they'll say no no no and they live
in a week later will call back it will
make it will save a hundred and fifty
billion ok I guarantee we'll save a
hundred and will end up with an
agreement this better than what we have
now we never walk from that you think of
it one of the things you have to do
every 10 mins walk how do you negotiated
deal with their dancing in the streets
all over and calling us stupid burning
the flag this is before the deal got
done this celebrating the deal saying
how stupid we are saying it's one of the
greatest films ever made their dancing
industry the population is even saying
what a great deal buses right and we
keep going into a moment if they said
and dancing in the streets before I made
a deal I'd say I'm good idea because it
was embarrassing night we never once
walked from the deal and I kept waiting
for Obama to walk from the deal meaning
his his person secretary Kerry wouldn't
it be great
hey how about if I represented the
United States in city carry you know how
good that deal with you now good that
deal ok you know how good that deal that
we got one of the great business people
to negotiate that deal it would be like
trumpet that's ok so here we have this
deal that's a horror show 24 hour 24 day
inspection period but that doesn't start
the clock doesn't take India to a whole
process all sorts of other problems like
self inspection how about self
inspection remember Joe the you know
obama calls him the supreme leader is at
the supreme leader said I'm not calling
them the supreme leader now my supreme
leader
the supreme leader said the following
the sudden going on here I tell you
something very strange but how about you
call up and you say this is a self
inspection area where they get on some
very secret area where they probably
that's why I magnin their deal so it
goes up position we hear you may be
making nuclear in this area and you have
to inspect suspected call us back
yes we'd love to next day no problem is
a president we are in doing so we just
checked with self inspected where do
these people come from where do our
people come from and as bad as it is
it's worse
ok so I've been saying is one of the
great deals I've never seen greatest
deal I've ever seen to get a hundred and
fifty billion dollars we got nothing
right ok but then I thought to myself
wow it's not that's peanuts what else
are they getting they're getting iraq
they've wanted a wreck for ever forever
but we have a rack and they have a Rand
and they were always the same militarily
and they fight and I told us all the
time they fight and fight and fight they
will tend to be here 10 feet here
somebody uses gas against explode they
stopped fighting for a couple years then
they go back and they fight the line
never moves right they say it
neutralized and I said in 2003 2004
don't do it I didn't know about weapons
of mass destruction which are not that
they didn't have but one thing good
about if you look if you take any any
look bill leadership anything in Iraq
they used to kill terrorists right
saddam hussein killed late today it's
harvard for terrorism you let me tell
you go to Iraq Saddam Hussein used to
get great pleasure at of killing
terrorists wouldn't have these problems
like that so he would kill to have a
mess so what is initially came up in my
mind a couple reasons I talked about the
rental cuz I cannot believe how big a
deal it is it's a great example of bad
deal make it right and then I said what
is the best deal is that they're
actually getting our act so iraq has the
second largest oil reserves in early so
I ran is now getting around to take it
up just like you hear that take you to
know now they're getting Yemen and they
don't like him but they do like the
border between saudi arabia mean I'm
good at this stuff you know I talked
about I talked about bin Laden in my
book that was written in 2000 before the
World Trade Center came down and Joe
Scarborough great guy
Morning Joe they call them anybody know
Morning Joe great guy he heard about it
he got the bookies
talked about Osama bin Laden two years
before the World Trade Center came to
because I saw this guy on television
that is a reporter I watched I read some
papers about them I say he's a bad guy
you better do something I wrote about a
month before being taken out he should
have been taken out how did you manage
to take him out and he didn't do it he
had a chance to get him and he didn't do
it
bush-era done it but he didn't do it and
they didn't do it and the World Trade
Center came tumbling down thousands of
lives thousands and thousands worst
attack in the history of the United
States Western Pearl Harbor because it
was a civilian attacked not a military
attack Western pro so we have to go and
we have to get smart you have a Rand now
they're rich they don't have to build
nuclear they can afford to buy it and
you notice with spending all the money
they just bought a hundred and eighteen
Airbus jets thats boeing's competitor
boeing is here
airbus is over in europe didn't buy from
Boeing they bought from Airbus so they
brought in europe they're buying
missiles from russia there by all sorts
of stuff from Italy and other countries
in by anything from us
hundred and fifty billion they've given
us nothing we get nothing we get nothing
and then on top of it after the deal is
made they attack our 10 wonderful
sailors and they put a gun to the head
they drop among their needs put your
hands up and they have some rough guy
with a rough voice essentially screaming
at him right you heard humiliation now
they'd still be there there be there
forever except they're smart they didn't
get the hundred and fifty billion until
two days after that and didn't want to
say oh gee when I can get this morning
so they let him go
vicious vicious humiliation for us not
gonna happen with us it's not going to
happen to us just remember that
so so we're gonna be jumping the border
with it a deal with China very nicely
but we have a lot of power and we have a
lot of money that goes to them we don't
have a lot of money because they suck it
out but a lot of money goes to them we
rebuilt China what happens is last night
a missile off in North Korea and nobody
knows what it is this sort of saying
it's a satellite ok so there's a lot of
threats being made by this guy we have
28,000 soldiers on the line
lot of threats lot of threats South
Korea makes a fortune every time i buy
televisions thousands of television's a
year every time I by MyBB I am from
South Korea will make televisions
anymore in this country
ok we should we don't make televisions
anymore we used to make zenith and this
will make him anymore RCA so now you
gotta buy them from the thousands their
economic behemoth they pay as peanuts
they pay his penis should pay they
should pay at least break even at least
something they should pay we protect
Germany we protect your paper we protect
places you don't even know about I would
become good at this stuff because I'm
looking at it and you know when they say
we have ten times the budget and anyone
else you know why we do because we
protect all these countries the nothing
we put tech shoddy Arabia think of it I
know we protect Saudi Arabia Saudi
Arabia before the UL game down now
they're making half Saudi Arabia before
they all came down was making one
billion dollars a day and we protect
them we get peanuts and we leased land
from military bases we pay rent
okay it's over it's over it's over it's
over
so fiercely I don't have teleprompters I
don't have a speech that I'm reading
ladies and gentlemen is so nice to be
with you
new hampshire please vote for me if you
don't vote for me I'll never speak to
you again
all I want is you I will straighten it
out it's so easy
there's so much that when you talk about
some of the people that own businesses
know really what I'm saying when you
talk about and this is this is easier I
mean the numbers are bigger but this is
easier cuz you tell businesses you know
you look for every penny he talking
about trillions of dollars potentially
but we gotta straighten it out and we
have as an example our agreement with
our trading with japan if japan is
attack we have to attack and go to war
and fight or rejection ok if we're
attacked the deals we have so we're
attacked Japan doesn't have to help us
if they're attacked we have world war
three this folks gotta make it fair and
equitable ok all right
cell so I just because it's still
Hampshire and because you have that
tremendous problem with drugs will get a
stabbing you can have the drugs coming
into destroying your children can have
it anymore you're not going to have your
kids are gonna look all over the place
and then I can be able to find them to
be when mommy and daddy go to Florida
and they want to get drugs they're not
gonna find not gonna be all over the
streets and so cheap part of the problem
is this stuff is so cheap that's the
lure then I gotta find them they're not
gonna find them because we stop it up
and we can do it we have great Border
Patrol you know I started this where the
Border Patrol called me and they said
could you come to Laredo Texas I went to
Laredo Texas that's the first time
anybody so that the white house like
that guys that the white make America
great again right I went to lloyd I
spent a day these incredible people
these are people that want to do the job
and they're being told Stanback stand
back let two ppl flows row leave them
alone don't touch anybody he saw the
recent you know declaration if you catch
anybody let him go but down
what's going on to you and we have a
massive problem
illegal immigrants we have a hundred and
seventy nine thousand criminal illegal
immigrants in the country right now
these are people convicted of crimes
some of them are rough newt's one
hundred and seventy nine thousand people
that's bigger than any city in new
hampshire you know that it's bigger than
anything we have a hundred and seventy
nine thousand illegal these are
criminals I'm not talking about a little
I'm talking about illegal can have it
it's over we're getting them out with
the strongest quarters and by the way
people coming into our country but they
going to come in legally through a
process that gonna comment
ok they gonna come in legally so I just
want to thank you all for coming I it's
a great honor to have so many people and
now take my hour and a half drive back
the other way I think I missed the super
bowl of these are minor details I
couldn't care less but I i just want to
say I love you folks you're amazing
people amazing amazing people and on
Tuesday go out and vote and hopefully
vote-rich I'm actually if you're not
going to vote for jump don't go out I
get a lot of a lot of these files are
not important who you vote for but you
have to go through the process I feel
differently if you're not going to vote
for me do not vote ok we love you all
have a good time make America great
again thank you thank you thank you

you know this all started we had a hotel
and we're gonna have about 250 or 300
people and the hotel was great they
called they said something's happening
here we can hold this is crazy what's
going on and then we went to the
convention center they can have 10,000
people and we're all set and we're
excited and the next day they said too
many people we can put them in so we
came here
today if you notice we have a stock
market that doing so well we have a
country not doing so well we've been
saying it for a long time we have
politicians other than the few
politicians that are with us and I will
exclude them but we have politicians it
don't have a clue they're all talk and
no action what's happening to this
country is disgraceful
and you know what I had said I was
running for president I brought up I
brought up the subject of illegal
immigration and I took a lot of heat
that I can tell you rush limbaugh sorry
said incoming he got more incoming than
anybody I've ever see
and two weeks later everybody was
apologizing to me they saw that I was
right between what happened in San
Francisco to do incredible Kate and her
family is such an incredible family and
Jimmy land so many people have been so
badly hurt the other day in California
last week a woman sixty-six years older
veteran was killed raped sodomized
tortured and killed by an illegal
immigrant we have to do it we have to do
something we have to do
we're going to talk with you have a lot
of fun I you know the weather's it is
dicey thats ok but who cares if it rains
right
range I'll take off my how to improve
I'll prove once and for all that is mine
ok so we're gonna talk about a lot of
different subjects in and you know it's
nice Friday night but that right what
that what's better
that built this country that's what we
have here i mean the people that built
the country great people so we'll start
with the little talk or on the illegal
immigration what's going on
gotta stop it we're going to build a
wall and it's going to be you know it's
amazing the politicians 10 years ago
fifteen years ago they all wanted a wall
but it never went it never happened
because somebody didn't want to probably
a lobbyist you know all these guys like
bush and like hillary clinton they're
all taken care of
I don't know you know
hillary has sixty million dollars and
when jeb bush when Jeff Bush was totally
in favor of Common Core week on
immigration live very weak on
immigration wants to let people come in
although now he is using anchor baby you
know he put out a memo you cannot use a
good baby now because I used it he's
using it
politicians but when they have in his
case a hundred and fourteen million
dollars in hillary's case she's got
sixty no I don't know that she's gonna
make it to the gate what do you think
make it to the gate some bad things came
out today
you know those classified you know the
word classified you know they've
destroyed General Petraeus over less and
nothing seems to be happening here so it
will be very interesting to see what
happens ultimately but we have right now
and I i just got these numbers today I
said what are the seven and a half
percent of all of us in this country
illegal goods can afford it and they
supposed to stay in I turned out to be
right the 14th amendment amendment I was
right you can do something with it and
you can do something fast you can do
something fast
300,000 babies a year three hundred
thousand that you have to take care of
we all have to take care of and you know
in the case of other countries including
Mexico they don't do that doesn't work
that way you know one day and all of a
sudden we have another American citizen
it doesn't work that way
Mexico doesn't do it other places don't
do it very few places do it with the
only place just about that stupid enough
to do it
I just decided to run I got an amazing
receptor we have to set a Zeppelin
non-politician the other day served jury
duty
used to put down politician but I will
say this we have a great politician here
we have the men here really hope that
he's the one person I saw his counsel
because he's been so spot-on he's so
highly respected has anybody ever heard
of Senator Jeff Sessions
unbelievable died
somebody in the presence of stand up for
them
traditions of this country we welcome
you here thank you for the work you put
into the immigration issue I'm really
impressed with your plan I'm know it
will make a difference in this crowd
shows a lot of people agree with that
graduation
help so I go around and I see so many
people and I've been treated so well by
the people and you know we're leading in
every poll with leading in just about
every state
including Alabama
Florida
and you know it's really amazing I said
well flood I love Florida it's a great
place right but Florida we have a
governor and we have a sitting senator
and I'm killing them
obviously not doing a very good job is
that shouldn't be happening but we're
waiting in Pennsylvania Iowa New
Hampshire South Carolina North Carolina
texts
usually where we're just absolutely way
ahead of everybody else in fact you know
if this were another country we could
maybe call for an expedited election
right I would love to do that I'd like
to have the election tomorrow I don't
wanna way so the reason that I think we
see this receptivity is that I know the
game better than anybody I've been on
the other side you know I was totally
establishment was hand in millions of
dollars all the time do these characters
right I was I was like the fair-haired
boy do I look fair haired black
but I understand it so many people have
come up lobbyist I said I don't want
money from lobbyists but recently last
week comes up I don't want your money
because I don't know maybe I'll
rethinking everything ok how about this
happen if I take his money but in the
end I school and don't do anything I
promise I won't do anything for told
them I said you know I don't want your
money comes in two years when you come
to see me about something I'm not doing
it unless it's good and less gonna make
America great again right right
I'm gonna have to rethink and I think
I'm gonna rethink that because I think I
should take a lot of money allowed to
give it to charity or so just take it so
what happens is these guys come up and
I'm lucky you know everybody said he's
never gonna run ok you know that right
and my wife actually said you know if
you pretty well I just the reaction that
for a long time whether its trump the
art of the deal which Obama and carry
obviously did not read when they did
this crazy deal with that but I love
that book you know I said the other day
and it sort of played pretty well that
is my second overall via el perro via
that is nice to me that book the art of
the deal and that's the real one that's
original
that's when they use real paper right
said the other day so many people to
carry around the art of the deal because
India politicians please please read the
art of the deal when you negotiate with
China and Japan Mexico and with vietnam
and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody
you know right now we have a problem
where north korea's getting frisky right
now
recently I ordered four thousand
television said I'd like to order it
from here like the Hudson made in
America can you believe I was able to
find the guy you know these had two hot
as a pistol you know that and then made
in America and I'm gonna give you book
believe you haven't forgotten about you
but then made in America but the other
day and now I see today it's pretty hot
on the news that are very dear friend
from North career is acting a little bit
rambunctious again so I ordered four
thousand television sets from South
Korea whether it's Samsung or LG or any
of them they're all made in south korea
I paid a fortune and a wonderful
wonderful people we don't do everybody
that makes television sets in this
country almost like don't think so right
so they're mostly made other than Sony
which has lost his way
prices are too high but mostly made in
South Korea soon LHC North Korea is
acting up so I see that we're sending
ships and we're getting our troops ready
we have 28,000 troops and we're getting
ready just in case bob was gonna play
with it to protect what we get
Arabian I get along great with all of
our partners for me they spend forty
million sixty million am I supposed to
dislike them I like
very much but you know saudi arabia
makes one billion dollars a day to day
26 before they all went down a little
bit but that's okay these are minor
details but let's say they were so now
they're making a half a billion today
that we get nothing and they wouldn't be
there without protection even Germany
Germany's of power who has a
mercedes-benz anybody lot of people
there are power nothing we defend the
whole world
nice somebody said all that's like the
Mafia defense I said don't worry about
it the month is not so stupid that's
terrible to ask for money they said it
should that's terrible how can you
possibly ask for money to defend the
country i mean tell me tell me so now
we're sending our ships were sending
everything we gotta tell what does
28,000 troops that we have right now on
the border between North and South Korea
that's dangerous territory they're in
harm's way they're in harm's way and we
get nothing good competitor compete with
us they take our trade will lose a
fortune with them we would support you
with china we defend Japan you know we
have an agreement with japan where
somebody attacks Japan we have to come
to their rescue but if we can detect
doesn't have to help us do you think
that's a good deal
that's not a mic sergeant Bergdahl has
anybody heard of such a traitor
don't know the trader I called President
Obama the 541 president we get sergeant
pergola trader who by the way six people
at least that we don't have six people
were killed trying to get this guy back
six people they went after him they
wanted to get him back so we get
sergeant Bergdahl and they get five
people that they desperately wanted two
years right now back on the battlefield
trying to kill everybody including US
House stupid our way how stupid you know
the reason we have crowds and no matter
where I go the other night we're in new
hampshire we we had some new hampshire
was so incredible to Craig W every time
I go on television is gonna be live I
should have a rest police tonight is
live on Fox Sports
CNN
and it's going to be at its live on
MSNBC
really incredible I really appreciate
you especially with this weather in this
heat everything else but the reason is
because I do know and I don't say that a
break and dishes like you people are
looking for somebody that knows what
he's doing whatever it is
I was saying so they said I wasn't gonna
run and everyone so he's never gonna run
never gonna run he's just having fun
just a good time is branded like I care
brand this point this macy's because I
said about illegal immigration they drop
my Brendan I'm supposed to be
regardless regardless I had too soon
Univision Univision my poor miss univers
people that beautiful beautiful women
some girls are beautiful women and I get
dropped by think of it you have these
magnificent women that work all their
life to be in the Miss USA contest in
the mission and two weeks before the
contest NBC and Univision drop because
they thought my tone was a little bit
strong and it turned out I was like good
news I saw them both
in the case of Univision I see him for
five hundred million dollars I want that
money I want down
so I actually put it on the other day
the Miss Universe Miss USA I put it on
because it was only fair to the people
and we had it on this small network and
it was fine but because they want to be
so politically correct they actually
called and they said oh we'll get that
going to get it back on soon
you know the case of a couple they said
losses NASCAR was all over the world in
front of my clothes because I opened
with a strong statement meaning illegal
immigration problem so all of the one
day was Nazca from losses NASCAR it
turned out it turned out that I lost
nesco you know they did they rented a
ballroom it dropped around can you
believe that was my losses and by the
way I kept their deposit and read it to
somebody else
the next day
ES seven skies with trumpets all over
the world
ESPN I have friends call me from Paris
he's a great businessman Alex too bad
about what happened to inspect you know
it was a golf outing and one of my
courses are you believe this is my big
deal and it was all over the world in
the press
I don't know maybe they didn't get it
maybe they don't get it I was very
disappointed there with me sees you know
certain does not a big deal but they
heard they're gonna be three pickets in
front of the store and they called
pickets were gonna tickets I said look
into our gonna believe that go for lunch
they won't come back don't worry about
godless people and so the reason that
we're getting this receptivity which is
like this all over the place is because
this is a good sign the big document
which is a one-page document which
basically you're giving your life away
and and then they can't believe the
pundits you know they get paid a half a
million dollars a year to sit there and
make jokes are themselves right column
funders some great summer really
incompetent I will tell you the ones but
you know what I think I can now you know
you know she says I don't know which one
to five left there were about 15 but
they're starting to come in but what
happens is that this is probably not as
rich as I said actually one of the
reasons I want to recommend 110 billion
dollars that's good right very little
debt very little debt
exactly as it has a line for income and
income with psych I think it's over four
hundred million dollars a year
good my son is here look at you can live
on that it says your online income and
it's like you know there is a different
things but basically over 400 million a
year 365 is there anybody that would not
want to make that much money and when
you hear anybody really well with it
comes responsibility but I will tell you
this reason people like what i'm saying
is because I want to put that energy
whatever the hell kind of energy is I
don't know if it's screwed up it's good
if it's whatever it is I know how to do
things and I'm not gonna do I i won't
care about you know we're building a
great building on pennsylvania avenue
right opposite between as you know the
white house and the old post office real
estate business slogan always get the
post office post office in washington D
C and I got it from the Obama
administration can you believe that's
cool deal making one of the most
sought-after buildings in the history of
the general services administration and
I got it and you know what they did the
right thing because we're doing a great
job and we had a great statement they
want to make sure it gets done and it'll
be opening and here's a little story
it's now under budget and ahead of
schedule do you ever hear that from
government
and we just finished around a lot of
great job and my son is here eric has
anybody ever heard of the vodka has
anybody let them run and I'm not gonna
let him do any big deals but you know
what I won't care about that company my
whole energy shares my whole energy my
whole being is going to be to make our
country rich and to make our country
great again and my primary it's a great
attitude I've always had an aptitude for
making money some people would say that
mr. Trump that's very kress you said
your gonna make the country rich in
order to make our country great I had to
get rich again we're debtor nation he
agreed do you agree with me yes I can't
see anybody with a sign that big ass to
it so I will devote a thousand percent I
couldn't care less about your post
office I couldn't care less about any of
our stuff my kids are really good very
nicely and I just wanna make this
country so and that's what's going to
happen and that's what's gonna
as an example a couple examples in
Alabama USA steel enclosure essentially
a closure and I said why what happened
and I went around and I said anybody
work there no I don't think so I hope
but big closure and one of the reasons
that China is dumping so much steel into
the United States and other company
other countries also but China I love
that sign look at that
wow wow that's true except the only
problem is you're breaking everybody's
design is good thank you SO saina is
dumping tremendous amounts of steel into
our country the government is
subsidizing it it's almost like they
want us to just die and they have no
respect for us and again like Saudi
Arabia the largest bank in the world is
in one of my buildings they buy
apartments they spend so much money am I
gonna dislike them I love them
the problem is that I say it all the
time their leaders are really smart
they're really coming they're really
sharp and we have dummies right we have
dummies we have done these
people that don't have a clue I don't
know you know some people say they're
bad people I don't think I think they're
incompetent people a lot of people think
they've been I don't think they've been
I think they're in town so you look at
China and what they've done and you know
last week and I said this and I've been
saying bubble for a long time you've
been hearing it last week they devalue
their currencies and we're having a lot
of hard times because of what they do
and when I hear devaluation of the
Chinese currency you know the word the
sucking action that's cool to something
like a vacuum to suck in action
two things happen two things get sucked
out of us our jobs and our money not
think of it
china shop product takes takes place
manufactured for us and we owe them one
point four trillion dollars that's like
a magic act called the magic act in
reverse
we owe them money Japan Japan is that
they have abused a new prime ministers
you know is really smart I mean he's
sixty minutes and they doing this
feature and Caroline Kennedy and she's
very nice you know why i like it because
he likes anybody that my daughter likes
like anybody my daughter like we love
you so so what happens and they should
have a very important position because
we negotiate you know you need somebody
killer dumped you need somebody so they
said how did you get the impression she
said well this is a pretty close you can
check it out well I don't know
I wanted a job and had nothing to do so
I went to the white house and I said
could have a job to do and they should
how would you like to be ambassador to
japan and she should really killers
killers but I will put the meanest
Marcus smart it with the best in the
world we don't use them we used
political hacks diplomats we as people
who don't have any business ability we
have people use people that have never
done a job somebody stole my blame them
and as an example Carl Icahn did anyone
ever hear he's an unbelievably brilliant
tough business so cold i didnt wear them
two nights ago I said you know Carl I'm
doing pretty well I'm leaving every poll
believe it either and I said get there I
want you to oversee the negotiations
with China China and Japan I'll do it
I'll do it is like
blood coming out of her eyes with hatred
he had blood coming out of he will do it
is unbelievable negotiate an
unbelievable negotiator and I know what
I know the best I know the worst I know
the ones that are overrated I know the
ones that you've never heard about or
read about that are better than all of
them but calls one of the great cities
very famous a very rich and he would
love to do it gives him that he knows
what's happening so they send their
stuff over here and actually somebody
the other day said what china has done
to the United States is the greatest
single theft in the history of the world
we've rebuilt china we've rebuilt China
so you know we have free trade the
problem with free trade is when you have
free trade very important you need
competent leaders that's the one problem
with free trade I like free trade I'm
free trade negotiators a great lives we
don't have that we're getting killed by
everybody we don't make good use
everybody is killing so we will have
believable as a friend of mine is a
manufacturer and he's trying to do
business with China and what is going on
is a good manufacturer makes great
product better than what they do they
don't want to just because you know it's
impossible to do business I can get my
dumpling soup over here comes in by the
ship and then now building big factories
in China don't blame China
I respect them angry them angry at our
leaders to be so stupid thing you know
mexico china the other day
nabisco this glorious right cause I love
the Orioles I'm never eating again
disco closes a plant they just announced
couple of days ago in Chicago and then
moving the plant to mexico y
have you heard my story my favorite
stories for you heard the story with 42
we want to hear it again or not
alright that's a big 10 4 great company
building a 2.5 billion dollar car
factory in places all over the United
States shipbuilding this massive factory
in mexico so I went to this great school
I was actually you know I went to this
great place the Wharton School of
Finance artist gonna get it even then it
was hard to get into the artist but I
went great business school and I get
business I totally understand another
plant plant being built to get started
they're going to announce it in
Tennessee you read about it and is a
couple of months ago
Wall Street Journal all set to get
started all of a sudden Mexico took it
away and now it's time to be built in
tennessee is going to be built in Mexico
so sort is building a plant and here's
what I did I said to myself I give
myself this does it really is sort of
myself and I say let's assume that
somebody else becomes president would be
horrible
somebody else becomes president let's
assume a very low energy person very
very low energy so low energy that every
time you watch him you fall asleep
Hilary Hilary Rosen
happens in like I said you schools go to
hell
people flow over there but forgetting
about that so let's say the jet doesn't
want us to win so they get a call him to
head of ford president we want to build
it well we don't want to be the next day
or the next hour he's gonna get a call
from the lobbyists and special interests
in his donors and I gotta say hey Jim we
give you eight million dollars of your
one hundred and twenty million that you
raised we gave you $1,000,000 we want
that thing don't you can't do that our
people
ok a little bit it's going to get done
today the plant will get built now let's
take slump is it ok that better
CNN does this big report that came out
last week's hours leading in the polls
and everybody says why don't I have a
pollster what they'll do I need a poster
every day I wake up is another bowl
right they pay these guys like $100,000
a month and they can't function because
the list ago and haven't visited with a
pulsar they can talk and I say why do I
need a pollster when every day there's a
new poll and they give like 30 pages I
don't have to get a pollster what the
hell do I needed save you money but it's
really very very expensive very well
done only well done cause I was leading
by a lot of ways it and they had
leadership I was way ahead of everyone
would be great at the people on it but
the thing and I do very well at it
military I am good guy
build our military it will be so strong
and so powerful and so great
so great to use it nobody's gonna mess
with us folks nobody nobody's gonna miss
me
country and by the way one of them are
we gonna take care of its right
another poll but they did a poll on like
who's one of the most popular with it
that's I was the most popular person
like me and I love them because you know
why
thirty-five years these senators and
these other than Jeff but hers is
congressman these people in Washington
including presidents have done nothing
for the vids and we're gonna take care
of our so they do this though and in the
poll I almost everything other than they
thought it was a nice person woman came
up to me she said I'm not sure that your
nice enough to be president I said you
know what this is not going to be an
election based on a nice person it's
going to be based on a competent person
with higher
I want the economy I want jobs I want
leadership by massive numbers like I
wanted all these categories
why do we need it unless you don't need
election these are such important
categories but I had an amazing
experience because the time I announced
almost other than the first week it was
a rough week but the press which is by
the way
largely very dishonest I have to say
this the political media I actually
think I actually think that the
political media is less popular than
Congress can you believe it and congress
is on those congress is almost no rating
and internal affairs with all this
camera 0 live in the trying to shut off
the camera right now but you know what
their own lives and so many live cameras
but look at thank you
the media's very dishonest but there is
a certain group that are fantastic
people and every once in a while I'll
get an honest story and I love it like
cherishes not often but they chairs but
we we have you have to stay in and they
have to really started treating me much
better don't forget when I first read
it's amazing
went to a great school my uncle was a
professor at MIT was a smart guy you
know good guy right good family we
believe in the gene thing I do like they
used to say Secretariat does it produce
Louis is actually secretary was it one
of the best of you one other dude but
interior thats but then I went out and
made a tremendous tremendous fortune and
great company I did the art of the deal
and many books are best-sellers was one
of the biggest-selling maybe the biggest
selling business books of all time I did
the apprentice love the apprentice
commander because they renewed the
apprentice and I said excuse me I'm not
doing it I'm running the country great
again they actually
actually came up to my office and the
top people great people from NBC and
they said please please run run and i
said im not running advertising and I'm
going to make our country do something
we're gonna do something so so I look at
the landscape I look at where we're
going look at where we've been we've had
a horrible number of years a horrible
number of years we can't beat Isis I
watched a general the other day on
television was just retiring which is
why do you think will do against Isis I
don't know it's going to be very tough
can you believe this
General George Patton General Douglas
MacArthur are spinning in their graves
as you listen to their spinning in their
graves and I look at what's going on
with the landscape and then I I get to
meet all of the people that I've met
over the last time and I want to tell
you it's been it's been amazing it's
been really and I want to finish up with
a couple of little points one of them is
I love is by the way
I love the story because it's so when I
get the call I say in the United States
gonna say no we don't want to let me
tell you sir you gonna build in the
United States and I will be called by
people but I will not have any of them
money so I don't care and they're gonna
say I'll call them in and I'll say
listen here's the story building
billion dollars in mexico charge you a
tremendous little 35% tax five percent
is going to be for every car in every
part of every truck that comes into the
united states and here's what's going to
happen here's what's going to happen you
sure you standing or sitting there going
to come back to me the following day I
would say the following afternoon let's
say it's twelve I say by the time the
day I don't need call i can only
describe stories and they're gonna come
back and they gonna say mister president
of the National get caught by the
lobbyists are gonna get caught by this
pressure and I'm just say no interest no
it within 24 hours they were gonna say
mister president what you doing to a
sister but we will build the Union the
United States we will build the plant
and 100% and all say the same thing to
nabisco it doesn't help us it doesn't
help us when you look at what's going on
when you look at what's going on we're
in the business closing in so many
places are closing when you look at the
kind of money that these countries are
making and i'm naming of steel I mean so
many countries we don't have anything
left we're running on fumes we're
running on fumes there's nothing here
when you look at what happens there's so
much sharper this so much smarter and
we're not gonna have a country left we
need to have our borders
we need to make great deals you know the
man in the back
how would you like to be israel right
now they relied on us
sanity great people and we have a deal
that is so incompetent so bad think of
the deal we make a deal
our chief negotiator goes into a bicycle
race at 73 years old he pulls you breaks
his leg that was the good part of our
deal that was the only thing that
happened and I told people last week as
I told this list I swear to you I will
never ever ride a bicycle but we have a
new thing that just came up yesterday in
the deal we know all about the 24 day
period but the 24 day period that
doesn't start that clock does it start
ticking for a long time for a long time
so that can be forever so they're doing
something believe me by the time we get
there but he's the all-time great why
aren't they giving us back up residues
and second can you believe this did you
believe it
and second of all the other day it was
determined that Iran in a very important
section maybe the most important right
is going to do their own policing
police
they are going to police and they are
going to tell us we swear we're not
building anything it's it's it's so sad
Obamacare
we are going to repeal and replace it
we are going to come up with a plan and
there are so many different ways you
know you don't know this because you
don't think Obama is you know who the
biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare on
the insurance companies insurance
companies remember I told you special
interests and lobbyists the insurance
companies love it we can have such great
plans it would get rid of the artist
racial lines around every day I have a
huge huge company and 101 group they
don't negotiate some of the people that
own businesses know what I'm talking
about the insurance companies are still
protected they're making a fortune gonna
make it so competitive we're gonna get
rid of the artificial barriers
great plan and Obamacare I mean you look
at what's happening with your premiums i
mean look at this look at what's
happening just take a look at what's
happening to the deductibles this
highest possible it's impossible
health care we're gonna fix it women's
health issues we're gonna fix you know
my wife came up to me the other day and
she said it's really sad because people
don't understand how you cherish woman I
want to protect women so important I
heard some of the other candidates jeb
and some of the other 0 the day saying
we're not gonna fun various women's
health issues can you believe this I
said that's the end of his election win
I don't think like that do much do we
agree and he said
women's health issues
a few hours later he came back and he
said he misspoke but women's health
issues so important
we're going to end up taking our country
we are going to make it so strong so
powerful so loved by people again so
love you no problems that we have but
you see it is a tremendous lack of
spirit and I actually thought that
President Obama the one thing he was
inexperienced team ever produced the job
lots of other things but I actually
thought that he would be great really
great cheerleader for the country when
he was elected I thought that he would
and he's really turned out to be a great
divider as opposed to a great deal
and Baltimore you look at Ferguson you
look at st. Louis last night over the
last week you look at all the things
that are happening we're sitting on
Patrick X is no say there's no jobs
anything we are going to take this
country I am going to be the greatest
jobs president that God ever created
I will tell you that I will
you know I oftentimes say the American
dream is dead but I'm gonna make it
bigger and stronger and more powerful
than ever before
that's what's going to happen I am going
to make this country bigger and stronger
and better and you're gonna love it i
love u president and we're gonna turn
this place around be so proud
whole thing is make America great again
we are going to make america better than
it's ever been and we're gonna love
doing it and we're gonna have fun doing
it and I just want to thank everybody
just has been really really thank you
thank you very much

every night you know last night we were
in Baton Rouge we broke the record held
for many years by Elton John my friend
elton john
12,000 for a five thousand outside
tonight we have my guest much more than
that we have thousands of people outside
russia has happened
niggas the record right there
I just want to thank everybody you know
what is this is a movement this is just
a normal situation and I wish the press
which other state but they don't do that
you know that
people
they never ever do it last night we set
a record and one of the reporters
actually called and apologized because
they refused to write the real number
and actually called it appalling I won't
say who because actually the person is
not a bad person looking to people I
meet you believe this
one of the biggest crowds
people started lining up seven hours ago
see what they don't know is there may be
the best I can see they may be the best
in December Wednesday
way but they don't know maybe the best
location but these people who are going
to be famous
your smile and have a good time
me personally it was up to me now you
waited what 78 hours it was up to me it
was up to me I think I might rather be
there wanna be famous
racism and thank you
and it turned out that the financial
jobs at Bank of America and I putted it
when I talk about it it's a little
embarrassing but it's so good almost a
hundred pages long
ahead of schedule even these politicians
have like one page and their 45 days
later I put it in and said I said you've
got it do it on time on time and under
budget right like the state
and we put it in and they went back to
look at the number this media back this
is crazy
because they wanted very little debt
tremendous cash flow rate company and
I'm not pregnant I'm saying that kind of
thinking our country needs
because we are in serious serious
trouble and you know I say it alot our
country doesn't win anymore and I have
another way of saying I have another way
out we don't use all the time but it
doesn't sound as good
our country doesn't win anymore we don't
win we win with the military I system of
the military
because Harris 22 veterans commit
suicide in one day and you believe who I
think that's possible I said you mean a
week you mean a month a year they can't
get treated they can't get service they
wait for four five six days in a waiting
room can you imagine you go to a doctor
doctors I'm streaming
can you imagine you wait in a waiting
room for four five six days and at the
end of that you don't even get service a
lot of times they leaving that going on
vacation
we're going to take care of our best are
great people willing to take care
she came out last week the cover of time
and incredible story written by somebody
who's a real writer a really talented
person in the media
you don't say that often these this
person and you know it's amazing I never
struck should do better and maybe I
should never speak to these people it
was the best and it talked about this
phenomenon and it really is no matter
where we go this is packed thousands and
thousands of people outside we have
screens set up from outside we have
thousands of people outside you'd rather
be here right
and Virage she was barrages by thousands
of people and they were angry because
she was making it sound like anger is a
bit and angry angry because we're run
incompetently by incompetent people
35,000 people we have crowded schedule
data beyond belief in new hampshire we
were sending every record no matter
where we go we said this is a record
tonight you can see it
because I feel the same
you know a friend of mine is a very
powerful businessmen and used people
like this by the way with Mexico and
China and Japan we have people that a
political acts he said to me how the
hell did you do that you watch the other
night on television we had a place it
was amazing to watch one of the most
successful people he said that's nothing
look at all the cameras back there two
hundred and thirty reporters two hundred
and thirty Press he said how do you do
it I said you know there was such an
issue I swear this is true there is so
much love in the room it's easy
there is nobody else has
between 230 and they go in and the
bullets going in one direction and if a
few people and I say sometimes I look at
the audience that guy right there that
right
that beautiful woman right here but if
we had guns strapped right onto the way
believe me if we had a gun strapped onto
the bullet going in the opposite way too
different story however the military
base a year ago we had five so great gun
free zone right
done job nobody better with guns and
weapons and this man won all the awards
the other foot rachel is wacko shoot
guns of four hundred yards away
gun free zone you know when you say the
sick baby we get rid of my gun free zone
problems because actually we have
$21.21 how much
number one place
and I say
the United States is the largest
purchase drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs
but that doesn't have the right people
so they have the region because without
that and then you have
with the evangelicals in the United
find out you know yesterday we always
talk about china and the president of
china our trading partner a wonderful
partner they take if they can't be the F
35 play the fighter right you know about
that did you hear about that you can't
tell the difference you look at it the
company plans and they did I guarantee
you write down the most complicated
mathematical solutions all done
hundred-percent stolen off our web and
day and that's right hilary
but every time I go after what I don't
understand when you see the night and
then how could you do that how many
why what is going on and why and then
you look at the bottom you can possibly
do that i mean that's like 24 hours a
day
who can do that many 22,000 that's like
one little match so I don't know hilary
is gonna get a chance to win by the way
I'm beating her in the polls
I'd love to run against wright also love
to run against the communists I never
thought
today in our country when you think
about it when a communist
the real numbers come out she's really I
watched them I say you mean we have this
great country we have this so i watch i
watch this great country and if that the
best we can do that's pretty sad when
you think of it
so we love
so I would around hundreds of acres
right in the middle of miami right near
the airport we had a big Darrell
tournament championship and it's great
nobody else has
jobs with dead with related and a lot of
places in my life going to know about it
a lot of money I love this state I love
this day but but I've created tremendous
numbers of jobs down so drought market
was bad that's when you like to buy
right when the markets bit so I go in
and we signed a contract everybody
wanted everybody we go ahead and I
signed a consistent way the country
should help i'm saying because this is
the way the country should be run so I
go in and was very competitive everybody
wanted to but I was the first one they
had to sell it as a lot of problems and
I bought it and I signed contract I
signed contract for a hundred and
seventy million dollars for 170 which is
very cheap but it had to be redone you
know in the meantime you see what we did
I spent a lot of money minute incredible
the best so and a lot of people who work
in a lot of good people a lot of
Hispanics are working there
and by the way by the way by the way
today I just settled with Univision
but a lot of this work for me I've been
through a house in 2000 and a lot and we
have a lot but the route so I signed
contract 472 right now I go in for a run
into an interview with now I'll do it
ready to sign a contract and then I say
no this just remember what we have to do
with China Mexico where everyone's
moving it to Mexico I just heard carrier
Air conditioners moving in the business
is moving in
United everybody by the way how quiet
house you know he's my friend but he's
really a pain to keep quiet quiet quiet
he's not a protester but Mancini
so they're all moving into mexico y by
drought 170 we haven't closed yet and I
said to my daughter Ivanka has anybody
heard of it
and I go through it was gonna make it
but it's really bad so I go back and I
need all these guys from the Wharton
School from Harvard and i said im not
gonna pay 170 I'm not doing too much
money if I didn't promise that I
wouldn't use bad language I would have
used much stronger like it would have
been more interesting than the places in
lousy condition I don't like it I'm not
pay tribute to frighten me they said no
way I'll give you a hundred they said no
way
hundred should know what to watch for me
it's fun it's again for John Kerry its
work its labors
is that the saddest
but for me it's just a fun whether I
paid for a good price you got at the
right time so I said if we go in we meet
these geniuses I say you got to cut the
price it's not what you told us I did it
it's fiction it's a terrible terrible
shape you got it the way they should
know what will make somebody else to
break it they should in no way no way
we're gonna do it within about three
minutes haitian how much would you take
I said I'll give you a hundred and ten
they should we can do that we can get
away after about four minutes we agreed
to take twenty million off I paid 200
for four minutes work as a twenty
million dollars
right now we have now you take $100
dollars and it took forever
two days later I'm elected president
they would have been out
we don't mean for us for our people
getting those hostages back to say no
when you leave within a couple of days
Palace hundred and fifty what does
hostages landed about two seconds later
tell us how you doing a hundred and
fifty billion sorry we don't have the
money we owe 19
we don't have the money
let's go two hundred and by the way this
is in like maybe a hundred percent 100%
but we have people that don't know what
they're doing like John Curry our
secretary of state
we have
that don't know what the Persians a
great negotiators ok negotiated you look
at what they did he never once we did
every single point we have a 24 day
inspection they have with a self-respect
can you imagine a nuclear deal and we
don't know what we call up with a
complaint and they said will call you
back tomorrow we will inspect the area
they call you back tomorrow and they say
the president everything's fine now you
know the supreme leader we won't use the
term supreme leader ok he says we've
just spoken to the supreme leader
probably because they want to kill you
China two thousand years ago they didn't
have caterpillar tractor by the way
13,000 miles it's a massive wall it does
work you know the world's work asked
israel's walls were believe how about
Europe some of the countries in Europe
that weren't suckers to what happened
with the migration like Merkel of
Germany when she did to Germany and they
want to build walls around their own
countries down because much going on in
Europe nobody knows where these people
from and we all have a big heart I have
a big heart you bill to allow millions
of people to fill because their leaders
are stupid leaders and you have to see
the crime in Germany now the crime in
Sweden so what happened with the
beginning to rebound
doesn't have the people
the press
illegal immigration and nobody from the
media by the way but they have to leave
he said
the president
not gonna happen
we're going down fast
trash
and it's not gonna happen in the world
and we have some
three years we can't do it any longer
well we're not gonna be the stupid
people anymore something happening
we have we have you don't really mean
we're gonna build a wall to do
absolutely 100%
build a wall gonna be real wall
right now we have loved you say they
build ramps I don't know what they just
don't not go over the wall that bill
ramps over the wall up and it probably
is a severe penalty for not getting
they've been no we don't give severe
penalties right now
a severe penalty you know we have great
Border Patrol I was in laredo texas and
I was asked I was the guest of the
border patrol they called and they said
would love to see you
great people and they want to protect
and they can do it but they're told to
stand back let people come through it is
so are within Obama signs executive
order let everyone we've lost control if
we don't have a broader we don't have a
country folks have a country so these
guys nice guys some of them and they
said he was gonna build it would simply
you know fifteen years ago they wanted
to build a wall they could build it
because they couldn't get the
environmental impact statement approved
can you believe
they have they have also want two things
they couldn't get it environment can you
believe this I've been saying the oil
right over I've been saying for years
and now finally it took Paris and who is
the first one to bomb the French can you
believe that won the French the French
but I've been saying for years and what
happens they don't do it one of the
reasons because the environment through
can you believe why do you think General
George Patton would general douglas
macarthur are great modern day general
what do you think they would tell you
right now
yeah I'm the only one I said don't go
into Iraq I'm the most militaristic
person in this room except for that guy
right day probably be on the
militaristic person in this room
believe me we're going to build on
military so big so we are going to be
nobody's gonna play with us nobody's
gonna miss
best-equipped I think I make it a
struggle would never gonna have to use
it I actually think we can do it but
right I think it's the cheapest thing we
can do
we have to check what he said at least
four like many years but I actually
think he's a are prepared and this is
what we need with all these maniacs
coming in when we want to take people
from the migration line we have no idea
who that we have absolutely no idea they
have no paperwork there is absolutely no
way we can never tell and I'll tell you
folks would not take it on and if we do
take him from somebody else was sending
back that we have no choice we have
and we have to
like they used to be done and the people
of our country they're incredible people
and they really love the country
and 100%
how could you get them because the cost
of the law is peanuts I haven't even
figured out the cost the cost of the law
is peanuts absolute peanuts compared to
the kind of money that mexico is making
off the United States and that's not
including all of the drugs that are
flowing right
that's not a
so these guys will never ever asked out
if you talk about that Mexico has
lobbyists believe it or not everybody
has a lobbyist every person that deals
with the united states have lobbyists
and special interest so when they come
to me they should lift layoff Mexico
little bit you know they can't do that
because nobody gave me money and I
wouldn't do it and I'm working for one
group of people and that's this group of
people
the head of his finance committee is a
friend of mine is putting Johnson he's
from Johnson and Johnson Woody Johnson
Johnson and Johnson has a hard time with
the jet Johnson is a good guy he's the
head of his finest so then you wonder
why is it that the politicians don't put
out drugs to competitive bidding and
then he wouldn't Johnson died when he
was governor we have what kind of cities
do we haven't welcome is right we have
sanctuary cities in Florida while he was
right after he left Florida went down I
would see a Florida went to hell and
this is what we have but in doing so
when you have what do you know you have
other woody Johnson's feeding other
people in other industries taking care
of all these people so when they go up
and then they say 200
some twenty-five years but i dont wanna
we need the cover of Time magazine
that story was something special now
we've all wasted a lot of time we've
always had a lot of energy in my case
i've wasted a lot of money if this
doesn't happen I don't care about the
money but the energy is incredible I
think we have a really good chance you
know when we won new hampshire
when we won new hampshire there were
questions like talked about the Muslim
we have a tremendous problem and I said
we have to study it we have to see that
has to be a bit nobody's gonna say that
we have problems folks we have a problem
we gotta find out radical Islamic
terrorism we have a president won't even
use the term you can't solve a problem
if you're afraid of it you can't solve a
problem if you're not even mentioned
we're gonna make our country so strong
gonna win again and again we're gonna
win but he's like have to do you have to
go out and vote for wasting our time the
movie
so I wanted you people I've been all
over and what I said to my friend is
true I love you people get out and we're
gonna make America great again we're
gonna win we're gonna bring our country
back and we're all gonna be proud once
again
thank you

believable
I want to thank you you know there's
like seven accidents outside I have
never seen anything like it in tomorrow
but i think is going to be fine it stops
tonight at two o'clock we think so
nobody's going to have any excuses is an
incredible care we have a blizzard or at
least a very bad storm and dad this many
people I want to thank everybody you
know thank you
so this is now crunch time we've got a
movement going that's been incredible
everybody's talking about cover of Time
magazine last week they have a picture
of me from behind I was extremely
careful with my hair to have a massive
crowd out in front and they talk about a
movement and that's what it is it's a
movement folks it's a movement
and this is a movement where we say make
America great again we're gonna make
America great again we're gonna make
america greater than ever before it's
gonna be something really really special
what we're doing
has been done before they're all talking
about it you come from all over and
whether I go to dallas we add 21,000
people in dallas in the Mavericks arena
packed no matter where we go mobile
alabama 35,000 people the other night
the other night in South Carolina we had
12,000 people three days notice
12,000 people it's been incredible no
matter where we go and you look at
tonight in a blizzard we have I guess a
lot of people I don't know how but
there's a lot of people
people and I will mention names but I
said how many people are at the other
candidate ok the can-do known look at
this guy back there
look at that guy and believe it or not
this is do I look like that please tell
me I don't
yeah we've got all these trump
impersonator is please don't get up here
believe me I'd ever seen this guy before
I've never
come on up here no tell me this isn't
Rob look at this guy will you marry this
guy I don't know that's great
congratulations hope you make it a lot
of money ok so we have something very
very special going on we're going to
have a country that smart we're going to
have a country that stuff that makes the
proper decision that makes the right
deals are trade deals are so bad I have
the greatest deal makers in the world
the richest men the richest women people
that are truly successful the best
business people in the world we have in
this country we don't use them we used
political hacks these are political acts
to negotiate with China with Japan with
Russia with Mexico Mexico Mexico is
taking business away from us like you
wouldn't believe what are we gonna do
with mexico we're gonna build a wall
gonna build a wall and this is going to
be a real wall this is going to be a
wall thats good as the heroine and the
drugs from coming to New Hampshire but
this is gonna stop and my favorite part
I'll only do it once because I don't do
it all the time you know what's coming
but i wanna do it just one time because
there's just sort of our final lovefest
are right now tomorrow will be an even
better one but this is the one tomorrow
you have to get out and you have to vote
no matter wat i say it all the time if
you're sick if you really like you can't
move your trusted that get doctor tells
you it's not work in your wife is
disgusted with you she said I'm leaving
no matter wat she says darling I love
you but I've fallen in love with another
man I don't give a damn you gotta get
out to vote right right here gotta get
out to vote
my wife doesn't like it when I say that
she says you should say that but that's
ok speaking of my wife Melania come up
come on up
she is so great so understanding I took
the escalator ride down to remember the
famous it's the most famous in the world
right now I will say and I just takes
guts to run for president believe me
I've never done this before I've never
done it before but it does take guts and
I said you know what the top of the
escalator and look at back there look at
the press turned around to look at these
people look at that picture they say
they say they are by the way I look at
that Mika and Joe and Joe look at that
we've got them all we've got them all
but look at the press by any standard
they have I think 600 requests that
that's like darling the Academy Awards
the fact is there is something special
so I'm standing on top of the escalator
I looked down said you can take that and
double it and I said we have no choice
we have to do it and it does take
courage and I took a deep breath like
this and I said let's go and she has
been so unbelievable she has been so
understanding I've been campaigning
unbelievable unbelievable because I
never thought I'd say this you know I'm
a business guy create jobs etc right we
do great deals I've been working in
campaigning since June 16 just about
we've been number one in the polls every
single way
and I've been campaigning and I've been
away and it's been very tough but I will
tell you I've loved doing it i've met
the most unbelievable people I called
the liner all the time I say it's
incredible I say we had the most
incredible crowd in Dallas we had the
most incredible crowd in oklahoma she
said really I couldn't tell a show what
I mean you couldn't tell it was
broadcast live all over the United
States and beyond what the cameras never
leave my face I said what's going on and
then I figured out why nobody wants to
see that we have the biggest grants the
biggest crowd for a republican candidate
tonight is two hundred and twelve people
and look what we have is that look like
me and that's on top of the fact you
know we have four of our incredible
wonderful executives that have been
working with the whole group and they're
now lying on the side of the road there
an accident everybody's got accidents
and I want to make sure they're ok I
think they're ok hope they ok they are
if they're not nothing I can do at this
point so I just want to thank everybody
Milani you want to say hello
we love you and you have weed together
we will make America great again
she's gonna be a great first lady I want
to just tell you one thing one thing I
will judge she's beautiful but she's
more beautiful even on the inside she's
a great person and boy is she smart she
is smart and speaking of smart has
anybody ever heard of people of even
come on get up here
and there's Jared Jared sailor to the
crowd come on jet jared is a very very
successful real estate man in New York
I'm proud to Jared so it came as a vaca
from the apprentice they were begging us
NBC wanted to renew for a long time and
they wanted if they wanted done and Eric
I said I can't do it I really can't do
it Steve Burke came up with a great guy
from Comcast the boss came up to my
office he said Donna we wander into I
said Steve I think I'm running for
president this was about two months
before the famous escalator check i said
i think im running for president he
should Donald I don't think you are come
on let's read and then they went out at
the up-front and they announced that
were running and that we're gonna do The
Apprentice which caused me a lot of
problem because I told these guys are
running a nobody believed that after
they announced but one of the things
that they really like they just love
what they're really like that like the
ratings ok that's what they really like
but we renew the apprentice I told them
I'm not doing it and I'll tell you what
I don't care what happens no matter what
this has been the most expensive amazing
experience the most amazing experience
of my life and you people have made it
that way you people have made it that
way and I told Yvonne and I told the
kids that we're not going to do the
apprentice anymore we're gonna do this
we're gonna run even cares about two
weeks or maybe less from having a baby
and I think she's going to have a baby
maybe in iowa and i know that I would
have won iowa I probably did when it
anyway if you add the Carson votes
dunno if you add the Carson votes I
think I probably won't but we don't get
we only care about new hampshire right
now but i just want to tell you if she
has the baby tonight in new hampshire
that guarantees victory tomorrow please
even the baby tonight
new hampshire thank you so much it has
been amazing spending the last couple of
hours here and obviously over the
previous weeks I've been here quite a
bit but my father is called me so many
times and said just the energy the
enthusiasm the spirit of the crowds here
are amazing and it really encourages and
keeps the momentum going so thank you so
much for being here I have launched been
watching my father work his whole entire
life he's worked incredibly hard to
build an unbelievable business to
provide jobs for tens of thousands of
people that we employ at the Trump
Organization and to inspire each and
every one of those people
soda now see him working this hard for
all of you and that's what he wants to
do he wants to make America great again
and I have no doubt that he will just do
exactly that I've never known him to do
anything other than rise to the occasion
and I'm sure that will happen here so
come out and vote tomorrow and enable
that outcome thank you all so much for
being there
we have been nasa was married to Diane
and larry was married and I just want to
thank they have been on television today
they've been on television literally
more than me so I guess I want to thank
them they've been incredible thank you
very much we also have some friends of
ours and we have the chief that she is
Nick where's the other getting rid of
some protesters other police the
greatest look at that protesters I judge
you I like protesters because that's the
only way the camera shopping the crowd
as I like sometimes we even staged
protests whose thank you fellas enjoy
your stay
where's Nick willard
police get out there and get over her
neck
this guy is so incredible right here
the police department has been so
incredible so Nick I want to thank you
we went over the other day we met people
who are in seriously good condition
nobody gonna mess with your police
department is that right so Nick thank
you and thank the Department I
appreciate it
a couple of weeks ago a certain
politician nice politician nikki Haley
said in a speech a rebuttal speech that
referring to me although my name wasn't
mentioned and then ultimately it was
confirmed that I'm angry that I'm very
angry and that the people that are with
me are very angry and the people that
are with be a really with me those
aren't the people that are 20% and they
can flip fact one of the things that's
come out and all of the studies is that
the people that are with Donald Trump
this seriously with us like they're not
gone anywhere they're not going anywhere
well as other guys I think including the
two categories were at 92% nobody's
changing whereas other guys are at
eighteen percent of the world's oil
change if the wind changes my people
sick with us and who is made and the
statement was made that we're angry
people where the cover of time when the
cover of all these magazines and I said
we're not angry people we don't want to
be angry but I said right now I will
agree
me personally and a lot of the people
that are with me we are angry because
we're angry at and competence were angry
at the iran deal where we give away a
hundred and fifty billion dollars and
get nothing we're angry and I trade
deals which china is making so much
money that we've rebuilt their country
and in the meantime our country and the
infrastructure of our country is going
to hell we're angry what we make a
charge in Bergdahl deal whose it dirty
rotten trader
where six people were killed looking
forum and trying to bring him back till
six young great people kill looking for
sergeant Bergdahl and we make a swap
knowing that he was a traitor they had a
colonel and a general talking to these
people and talking to the people that
worked with them they knew he was a
traitor they knew it and we make a deal
sergeant we get and they get five of the
worst killers that they've covered it
they've cut it for the last nine years
ok we're tired of deals like this we're
tired of Obamacare which we will repeal
and replace
Healthcare's going up 25 35 45 50 per
cent in the last year and a half its
going to die in seventeen anyway it has
two unless the republicans work out
another deal like the budget deal
the deal they worked out three weeks ago
is a disgrace so Obamacare we're
repealing we're replacing but we're
angry and I said yeah I'm angry now when
they asked it was on the debate the
previous debate because I skipped the
last one before the one the other night
and I raised six million dollars for the
veterans right
and somebody said do you regret skipping
the debate and I said no not at all as
they show what do you mean you might
have won iowa I said I did win iowa but
I said I don't regret it because we
raise so much money for the vets and we
wouldn't have really been able to do
that at another time though is just a
point in time it was a point in time but
you have to be treated properly by the
networks last night I understand for the
last debate I heard somebody read to me
that they had the highest rating for a
debate a Republican primary debate in 21
years and they think it's much longer
than that they had a great trading well
where they have had about wasn't in the
debate when do you think I don't know
watching watching bush and watch in this
one and that one I think they would have
done so well who knows I hope they do I
want everybody to do and we have some
good people we have some really good
people but they had this phenomenal
rating ABC just-announced it next time
they're going to get the opening a
little bit better you know what i'm
talking and by the way in all fairness
to ben Carson you could not hear a thing
is people wondering why has been
standing there while we were all saying
that you couldn't hear a thing so it was
nobody's fault it was actually a
production mishap and it makes for more
exciting right is the more exciting
right so we are people that are not
gonna be angry for long because if I get
elected president
all of the things that you can't stand
looking at that you can't believe it's
happening to our country all of these
horrible deals at UC being made many of
them being made because everybody on the
stage with me and on the other side
they're taken care of by special inches
they have a lobbyist this special
interest in getting tremendous amounts
of money you will be angry when you'll
be happy you got to be very happy
can be very very happy and it won't take
a long time it won't take a long time
you know recently I just as for tickets
I wanted tickets for the debate gets
star power and if I could I had a lot of
power we get twenty tickets everybody
gets like 20 tickets so we called the
RNC Corey called the RNC we want tickets
well we can who's got him all of the
donors have the donors the donors you
know the donors
I said that's no good I don't have any
donors because I'm self-funding I don't
have the owners saw the daughters don't
mean donors the donors that's a nice
word donor but it's not donors its
special interest lobbyists all these
people that have total control over the
candidates they had all the tickets now
I must tell you
time magazine did a poll and the poll
who won the debate and i won the debate
with a cent of the vote
number 26 percent of the vote I had
seventy believe me I have no power over
time magazine but I had seventy percent
of the vote
number two had six percent and then it
went down from there so we do I say I
can't get any tickets and then I
announced during the debate because I
did these people make he's really lame
statements and you hear the place
erupted in applause and see what's going
on over here but I understood I
understand and I announced on television
the reason the audience clapping for
certain people up here is because their
donors and special interests and
lobbyists and have total control over
the people and they don't like these
because I'm and I know many of them
actually they do like to be I'm even
friends but if they ask you to do
something about president i'm saying bye
bye I'm working for these people out
here
so I think came up the other day and a
friend of Michaels visit dr. great
doctor and he said you know donald that
the United States which is the largest
purchaser of drugs in the world
massive massive amounts for medicare
which was for social security for
everything from Muslim medicare so we
gonna save Social Security too by the
way we're going to seriously i mean
you've been paying in four years and now
they want such a big way they want to
chop away at social security by the way
like they want to chop away at the
Second Amendment which is not going to
happen
ok
like I honestly like they're doing with
religion like they're chopping away at
Christianity and believe me they are
doing that and this may or may not be a
somewhat religious audience but I will
tell you one thing very soon we're going
to start saying Merry Christmas again
when his Christmas symbols for sure
my friend calls me up a great doctor he
says you know you're running and you
doing great I'm so proud of you I love
to hear it I said again and he said but
you know with the medical and with the
drugs the United States the largest
purchase early they don't negotiate
price it's almost as if you want to go
and you want to buy drugs drugs to make
you feel better right
drugs to make you feel better you want
to buy drugs you have to get drugs you
go to the drug see you buy it off the
counter the United States is paying like
a price like that I said you have to be
kidding he said I don't know why I said
I do I do because the drug companies
have an unbelievable lobby and these
guys that run for office that are on my
left and right and plenty of others
they're all taken care of by the drug
companies and then I'm gonna put out
competitive bidding so I said to myself
wow let me just some numbers if we
competitively bid drugs in the United
States we could say as much as $300 a
year
thank you thank you thank you thank you
that's one element and the reason I mean
you take a look at a friend of mine and
we don't have that much television there
just about 600 people back so I won't
insult him and he happens to be a very
good guy what did Johnson right what did
Johnson of Johnson and Johnson hes jeb
Bush's campaign finance manager he's
running bush's campaign now you tell me
you tell me well listen to this number
one he's in favor of Common Core number
to his week on
push like Scott he loves Common Core
he's the only one that I know that likes
it but that's ok we gonna bring
education back locally no more common
core no more coming just a week on
immigration and that's not gonna
remember they come as an act of love
remember that home education is very
interesting because we're number thirty
in the world you have Norway Sweden
Denmark China and plenty of others that
you have third-world countries and
number thirty is the United States so
with thirty in the world in education
and we're number one per pupil and
caused by phone number two is even close
so that's the way it is gonna happen
that way anymore phones not going to
happen that way now with savings so the
drug companies they have tremendous
power if they're talking about three
hundred billion dollars I mean that's a
lot of money
300 billion and then you wonder why does
a lot of people say how can people be so
stupid things they know it's wrong but
their politicians all talk no action
they're good at one thing getting
reelected have some good politicians but
you have mostly people that think about
how do I get re-elected ok how do I get
re-elected so I'm the only one im self
funding so when these guys see me who I
know many of the guys I'm looking at the
room I'm standing at the debate I'm
watching Marco sweating like a dog on my
right
I'm watching Ted Cruz no I would never
say that about Donald but he said
something bad in the ESM would you say
it again he said no and I like that he
didn't do that we would have ended up in
a big fight but it was nice and he
didn't honestly to have him here I have
not go honestly marco was having a hard
time and he's a nice guy he's a nice guy
i mean again and again and again after
three times you have a very good memory
and have to three times I said when he
said that about three minutes ago then I
said wait wait wait he said that two
minutes ago the same exact thing so
after the fifth time I said what the
hell is going on over here but we need
really smart really tough really fair
people with great heart that want to
take care of your health care want to
take care of people they can't afford
health care you know it's very
interesting we're gonna bring down the
price of Health going to bring it down
big big big big league because President
Obama live twenty eight times he said
you keep your doctor said you keep your
plan
28 times I kept saying why doesn't
somebody gets sued for fraud when you do
the 28 times and even democrats went
because of what he said and they wish
they weren't in that position so he lied
but you know what a lot of people give
me hit because they say we're gonna take
it as a group is a small group
relatively of people in the bottom that
they're not going to be able to be taken
care of and I say we have to as
republicans we have to take you just
want to take care of him I said we're
not gonna have people dying on the
streets we're going to get him into a
hospital take care of them were getting
kids we're not gonna have people dying
in shapes and I say that and I said and
all the time I get a poison then they
say all he wants to do this you want to
do that that's not the public the
republican way is people can take care
of themselves we have to help when I'm
gonna let him die and I say it all the
time when not yet I'll let him die on
the sidewalk we're not going to let him
die industry and it's not even a lot of
money we have hospitals doing no
business we gotta get them fixed up but
we're gonna save tremendously on health
care
it's going to be private we're going to
take the lines at a play we're gonna
have so many different options it's
going to be so much better than to be
less expensive you looked at your
deductibles not only are your rates
going up but you look at deductibles
right now unless you get hit by a
tractor you'll never ever be able to use
your health care and look at washington
they don't even want the Obama get it on
have to happen I wonder why they don't
have to have it so we're going to take
care of it folks and we're gonna have so
many great things
by the way we're going to competitive
bidding and I'll tell you what we're
gonna save so much money and those drug
companies are gonna hate me so much I
could I know I was going to say some at
the debate and i'm looking at the
audience was supposed to be children's
college kids and young kids and it
wasn't because these rich guys bought
all the tickets from the College susan's
I don't actually totally believe that I
actually think that the RNC gave him the
tickets to be totally honest I think
they actually got the tickets not to buy
but a lot of them did buy tickets so I
look outside a saying wow that's a lot
of people out there I know half these
people I know the obvious I know most of
the special interests and i'm looking at
that audience and I'm saying this is bad
stuff but I had the most beautiful
applause from Diane and Eric and Melania
in the front row that's about it even
though I want but I but I understood so
you have to understand what's going on a
lot of times you think that the
politicians are doing horrible horrible
deals and they are but you think that
they're really really not smart people
they are actually smart people but
they're working for themselves they're
doing what they lobbyists who puts up
millions and millions and millions of
dollars every time they run I'm just
talking about the honest up this is all
honesty this other stuff that goes on
that you know you have to proof right i
mean you look at some of hillary's
speeches when she gets a fortune and
she's you know give me a break
take a look at that nobody
right now nobody looks at that bill
makes us feel each gets a tremendous
amount of money phar-mor there and then
all of a sudden miracles happen right
miracles happen and I imagine somebody
is looking at that and by the way a
recent poll just came out that I am
beating hillary's so badly and the
general election
just like we do people say how you gonna
straighten out the budget it's a mess
just like we do with what I just told
you about medication and buying
medicines and all of this same thing
happens with the military within a
building no church so strong but we're
buying equipment and we're buying things
that are generals don't even want we're
buying things that they don't want what
bike lanes instead of another one
because that company has been a lobbyist
and a stronger we're gonna get them the
equipment they want to save a lot of
money and whether to build ourselves so
strong nobody I'm telling you nobody is
gonna play with us we don't want to use
it
nobody is gonna play with us we have
we have situations right now where we
have the migration and we're accepting
people and we're accepting them in by
the thousands and you look at new
hampshire you look at this area with the
problems you have the problems you have
with the drugs were allowing people to
come into this country that we have
absolutely no idea who they are where
they come from are they Isis maybe maybe
not somebody said at least 90% of them
are all really if we had 10% look at
what those two people did two months ago
radicalized people they killed 14 people
to people young people they killed 14
and plenty of people right now living in
the hospital
gravely wounded look at Paris one
hundred and thirty people killed now the
strongest gun laws anywhere in the world
his friends and Paris people don't have
guns except for the bad guys so they
walked in they start shooting they say
you get over here you get off that
killed a hundred and thirty people
there's a tremendous number of people
right now in the hospitals if guns were
on the other side of that equation with
the bullets could find a different
direction you want to have that kind of
conduct
you wonder how so we are going to
protect our 2nd Amendment 100% nobody's
gonna play with us nobody saw this all
started when I came down and I made the
statement to the press and I talked
about illegal immigration and I get it
yet I guess that was like two for 23
weeks it was brutal then all of a sudden
people started maybe he's got a point
maybe he's got a point then for five
weeks later people are some really
strong I think trumps right there is a
lot of illegal immigration and causing a
lot of economic on what is causing this
a lot of trouble from a criminal's
standpoint right now as we speak it was
released last week we have a hundred and
seventy nine thousand illegal tramadol
immigrants illegal criminal these are
people that have been convicted of
crimes some very big that means we have
a hundred and seventy nine thousand
people here that have committed crimes
that shouldn't big runs that shouldn't
be in the country that's bigger a
hundred and seventy nine thousand people
is bigger than any city by a lot in new
hampshire that's a massive amount of
people that's a massive amount so
whether just something that's going to
be whether you like Dwight Eisenhower no
matter what you do
white eisenhower I like Ike everybody
said nice guy we either have a country
folks are we don't remember this we
either have a country we do so within a
half to take people with it to get rid
of those hundred and seventy-nine and i
dont wanna put him in our jails I don't
wanna put him in our jails are jails
across Augusta fortune
we're bringing them back where they came
from and we're gonna be respected by
those countries which were not respected
at all by those countries we're breaking
up back where they came from and let
that country put him in prison for the
next 25 years is when idling and then
never ever coming back to our country
again their guy never now but all of a
sudden we started seeing people are
focused on it I will say this if I
didn't bring up the subject of illegal
immigration at my opening when I
announced I was running for president
you would not have anybody even talking
about it the other night on this stage I
won't mention who's somebody said yes
and I'm very strong on illegal
immigration we will build a wall said it
very lonely will you afraid that
somebody has a lot and I go now all of a
sudden I know I have two out of the
group they said the other night and
other ones on television said yes we
have strong waters we will build a wall
and my wife came up to me she said
darling did you hear that that's the
first time I've ever heard that said by
anybody else but you we have to build a
wall walls work just ask Israel walls
work they work I don't mean the little
walls of the little wall I mean those
who else you know I mean serious roles I
mean trump all
they work they were and they work if
they're right you know in time magazine
and a couple of magazines I read I've
been on the cover of Time magazine so
much lately when I was on last week I
didn't even know they were putting them
in the cover can you imagine that's when
you really hitting it big when you're on
the cover of Time magazine you don't
even know you got to be on the cover
that's what they had like this ramp they
had a wall like this and then a ramp
built over the wall and then another
ramp and they have trucks going over the
ramp and they loaded up with drugs and
trucks going right over there I don't
even know why they didn't just rip down
the wallets a little would have been
cheaper and whatever Africa's up it goes
down they sell their drugs in the United
States lot of them come over to here to
head to new hampshire and they get back
on the go back they build ramps over the
walls and I'll tell you something I met
the border patrol people they're
phenomenal the reason I met them is they
called me and they said we'd love to
meet you and I went to Laredo Texas and
it was incredible
these people are incredible they can do
the job they had told to stand back did
poll don't touch anybody there told let
people come in they don't want them
these are incredible men and women and
their standing there people walking
right in front beautiful equipment
everything looks good everything except
the one thing they are told don't do
anything and when they do something
that's a given the fine let him go they
can go wherever they want that CNN that
you never see him again we either have a
country away don't want it to be so
strong and just let me ask you one
question about the wall who the hell is
going to pay for the wall what
you know the head of Mexico today said
there's no way we're paying for the wall
please inform Mr Trump I said I said the
walls gonna just get bigger when has
that attitude now
the politicians come up with something
they used to come up and say this is no
way honestly that you can be able to
build a wall is easy I build nests of
buildings it's much tougher they said
you can't really do that can yes
absolutely
now just so you understand fifteen years
ago they want to build a wall you know
why they didn't build it they couldn't
get an environmental impact statement
approved it's true they couldn't because
there was snakes toads road all sorts of
crap right in the way they couldn't can
you believe it we can build a wall and
you have China in the South China Sea
ripping the hell out of the ocean and
building military bases in the middle of
the South China Sea and we kid do you
think by the way that China got an
environmental impact statement I don't
you know they said they said we're gonna
build it they started work the following
morning that's what happens we are so
left behind and we worry about the
carbon footprint and I say you know I
see Obama saying the single greatest
problems this country has its global
warming ok
I tell you what I just got out so we had
a blizzard outside there's no warming is
his brutal somebody from New Hampshire
said this is one of the worst winters
you know what he's talking about global
warming
then he gets on a very old 747 with the
old engines at spew a lot of stuff and
he takes his wife and his two really
beautiful daughters and he goes in the
seven forty-seven dalai to play golf and
that he comes back and then he has a
speech on
saw folks have a whole different
thinking I've been saying for a long
period of time
take the oil remember remember this
about me I was against because I've had
hillary say I don't like Donald Trump
stone and I've heard jeb say it till I
don't like Donald Trump's tone energy
guy so he doesn't like my time but but
honestly said and they said that the
same day and I thought to myself I can
tone it down I'm smart guy I turn on
television did shopping people's heads
off in the middle ease if you question
the head comes off if you're not
Christian the head comes up we haven't
seen stuff like this since medieval
times
alright medieval times and people are
worried about my tone you are at the
other night at the base they ask Ted
Cruz serious question but what do you
think of waterboarding is it ok and I
honestly I thought he'd say absolutely
in Egypt and he said well it's concerned
about the answer because something she
just said a terrible thing you know she
said
shouted out 2012
ok you're not allowed to say and I never
expect to hear that from you again she
said I never expect to hear that from
you again she said he's a pussy thats
that's now
here
so you remember when not so long ago not
so far from here I had a group of people
we're doing question-and-answer and
somebody came up with a pretty tough
saving about Obama and the press got
very angry cuz I didn't offend the
president remember took a lot of heat
and I didn't reprimand the person that
said it so I want to just tell you right
now ma'am he reprimanded ok chiste
chiste he reprimanded for the press this
is a serious reprimands to so the
president so we have lined up to make
some of the great trade deals and to
take our documents that are so bad we
have lined up the finest business people
in the world rolanda by the way they
call me I don't even call them these are
great great people
summer nice some horrible human beings
summer people that you don't want to
have dinner with but they're great at
what they do I know the greatest
negotiators in the world we need them
that's how we got into the hole with
these deals and I'm telling you about
and believe me
other other facets of the same thing
it's the same exact thing we're going to
save so much money I was hearing the
other day they were talking about the
budget and a political person said it's
his idea and it has gone to have the
budget balanced within 25 years
twenty-five years
idea was that he thought he was doing a
good job visa politicians folks that
never gonna do it and whether to do a
great we're gonna have a better country
would have better services we can have
better roads and airports and hospitals
and we're gonna pay less for was gonna
pay less
you know I'm building a big building
right now on pennsylvania avenue that I
got from the federal government Obama
can you believe it how good is that if I
go work done I mean what a job he did I
we had the old post office in washington
D C right we are now we just announced
we're gonna make it a world-class one of
the great Hotels of the World an
incredible building and we just
announced with two years ahead of
schedule we're going to have it open in
September of this year two years ahead
of schedule and under budget ahead of
schedule when they've been nice if our
country on its projects instead of
having a 2,000 percent cost overrun boy
can you imagine how much as people make
when you see these buildings and things
was gonna cost 200 million and it ends
up costing 1.5 billion dollars do you
know how much money these people are
making so we're two years ahead of
schedule it's on pennsylvania avenue and
I don't give a damn if I don't make the
White House we're moving into that
building I'm gonna be on pennsylvania
avenue one way or the other
I want to finish up because you got a
bad evening out there and you have to
drive you have to do me a favor I don't
really care of you get hurt or not but I
want you to last until tomorrow ok so
don't get hurt if you're going to get
hurt and if you get a drive like a
maniac do it tomorrow after you vote and
I promise I will come and visit you in
the hospital I price now has some
knowledge I want you to be I want you to
be careful but look it's so important
that we take care of our vets are vets
are being treated so badly and I am
album 0 who's with me all the time
who's the greatest guy there is who
loves the vets who loves us and who
knows what we're doing but we're going
to take care of our vets we're gonna
take care of our military will get a
buildup of military is going to be a
thing of beauty by the way I have to
tell you it's the absolute cheapest
thing we can do is nobody's gonna play
with us it's the cheapest thing we can
do but we're going to take care of our
health care whether to take care of
every facet of our country and whether
to start winning again folks whether to
start winning again because we don't win
anymore we don't win on trade we don't
want on anything we can't beat my sis
with our military can you imagine
General George Patton weekend he
wouldn't be them by the time he walked
down to the front row we don't be dices
whether to start winning again we're
gonna win on every single level of this
country we get a win every single time
we do something we're gonna win we're
not gonna make stupid deals anymore
we're gonna be led by smart people and
we're gonna have our smartest people
representing us now I leave you with
this I leave you with us it's so
important it's so important
tomorrow is going to be the beginning I
here we have a lead it doesn't matter to
me it doesn't matter to me who the hell
knows what the leaders do have some snow
it looks like it's gonna stay it's so
important we have something so special
going on you have to go out you have to
vote
we have to celebrate tomorrow evening we
have to have a great victory it's so
important because we are gonna make
America great again we are going to make
america greater greater greater than
it's ever been before and i love u all I
love you all
yes we will see you tomorrow let's have
a big big victory tomorrow we love you
thank you
thank you
thank you
amazing paper thank you very much thank
you

wow
well
you know it all begins right now it's
all gonna begin you know the theme look
at all those red caps make America great
again and we can do it and we can do it
and we're going to do it and we're going
to so on june sixteenth I came down an
escalator I talked about illegal
immigration and everyone went crazy what
a horrible thing to discuss two weeks
later everybody was saying you know
Trump is right and you had the killing
of Kate in San Francisco yet so many
things happen jim neal great jim hill in
Los Angeles a phenomenal female
wonderful woman a vet 65 years old who
was killed by an illegal immigrant raped
sodomized killed we have problems and we
have to solve our problems and some
people say you're very divisive you very
divisive what they want me to be
politically correct they don't want to
talk about the problems they don't want
to talk about and I do talk about him
and a lot of people are now coming up to
me and saying you're right you're so
right I brought up a problem
radical Islamic terrorism abroad people
went crazy how could you say we have a
problem this is a worldwide problem and
when I brought it up people said it's
not politically correct don't do it
advisers people right back there they
said don't do it but you know what
people respect that I did it and friends
of mine who are Muslim called me up at
this shit done thank you it's a problem
is gotta be discussed we have a
president that won't discuss the subject
he won't talk about it and you're not
going to solve the problem if you don't
want to admit what the problem is
so it began and I started with the
butchers and you know Sheriff Joe from
arizona he's like a great time he enjoys
me last week and he enjoys every day
he's a tough guy at the border that's
one thing and he said Trump is the
toughest at the border but I don't want
to just be tough we want to be smart we
want people to come into our country but
they have to come into our country
legally drive legally they go through a
process as they come in and we've gotta
take great people we want great people
to come and we don't want people pouring
across the border like now I got to know
I was in laredo texas and i got to know
I was invited by our tremendous people
that work the border the border patrol
people these are tremendous people these
are people that wanna do their job they
called me because they're not allowed to
do this is standing there great they're
wonderful to have wonderful equipment
everything's fine and they're told stand
back and people walk right through
well I Y and you know it's
mistake it's very unfair to people that
do legally go through the brush is you
have people that way
for years to get in and they're going up
a list
and they've worked
and they've studied
probably and friends has probably the
toughest gun laws in the world are no
dents accepted the bad guys and this
sleaze bag with the press would always
say remember the name right
the press would say great things like
he's rappin hun the press was say
wonderful things were looking for him
they called the mastermind mastermind
what's the mister money put a few people
in this study cheating people there's
nothing what's the mastermind I call
them the guy with the dirty hat low I Q
a terrible guy now they got him they
gotta but the press is building them up
and then they wonder why our youth is
being radicalized add Isis and others
are using our internet we invented the
internet Isis is using it to radicalize
our kids and our kids are leaving and
coming back one thing with me if they
leave and they leave to fight for Isis
then i coming back I don't care
so we're going to strengthen our border
we're gonna have a really strong border
we're going to build a wall of windows
bank for the wall
Mexico now that I have a great
relationship with mexico I have a great
relationship with the mexican people
with Hispanics in Nevada leading in the
polls with Hispanics I'm gonna do great
with this fetish is under bring jobs
back from China and all sorts of
countries that have taken our jobs they
have stripped us of a job like where
babies like taking candy from a baby
they have stripped does of our jobs you
know interestingly new hampshire you
have been a big victim and in this case
it wasn't so much China you look at
nafta you look at some of the things
that happened to hear I look at these
factories that are empty I look at plans
that in a senior citizen housing and
that's wonderful senior citizen has it
but somebody has to have the job you
need the job spec our country has lost
millions and millions of jobs to other
countries and now we're losing companies
to look at corporate inversions you look
at what's happening
corporate inversions it's wonderful
senior citizen housing but somebody has
to have the job unbelievable schiesser
are Canadians lost millions and millions
of jobs to other countries and now we're
losing companies you look at corporate
inversions you look at what's happening
corporate inversions it's unbelievable
Pfizer great company they're very good
with taking care of politicians a great
company they get what they want remember
this the drug companies have tremendous
power whether it's Tyler Johnson and
Johnson the interesting things Pfizer's
leaving with all their power and they're
leaving thousands and thousands of great
jobs behind because the taxes are too
high and because they can't get their
money back into the country this
trillions of dollars outside of the
United States right now I talked to
these politicians and I'm against didn't
even know what the hell I'm talking
about they don't know about corporate
intrusion then even know what it is but
what happens is companies are now
leaving our country because the taxes
are so ridiculous with the highest tax
country in the world
ok and they leaving and great companies
Pfizer great company others just
announced a leaving and they can leave
you can't stop you can try and get him
to stop they'll find ways you know these
great lawyers Great Wall Street lawyers
believe me you'll find ways around it
they leaving and they're leaving jobs
behind
mind and tremendous you talking about
hundreds of thousands of jobs behind and
it's happening more and more you know
it's an interesting thing we have a
president they can't get anybody to do
anything so he signed you know executive
orders and country wasn't supposed to be
that way but he signs executive orders
because he can't get he doesn't get
people into the oval office into offices
into something and do something right
but make great deals make deals that
everybody's happy with the way the
country was supposed to work he doesn't
do that he doesn't do that so here's the
deal where our corporations and
corporations within this country have
two and a half trillion dollars outside
of the country they want to bring it
back I happen to think the number could
be five trillion dollars it's a massive
amount of money if it's brought back
into the country it's going to create
work it's gonna create jobs right now
now here's the problem the democrats
agree the republicans agree the liberals
agree that conservatives agree everybody
wants the money brought back they can't
make a deal
the reason they can't make it deals with
have a leader
well it needs the room one hour with the
leaders I get it done
111 how I guess
so the inversion is that now
corporations say that tired they've been
waiting for years and billions and
billions of dollars outside of the
country they can't bring it back so they
are actually going out to get the money
you believe this and everybody in
washington agrees that we should allow
him to bring in fact it would be so
that's one of these you you know it's
one thing when you have the republicans
and the democrats and they just agree on
lots of different things and you can
understand I'll get him to agree you're
right I'll get it but they disagree on a
lot of things and you can understand but
that's the thing
inversion that's the thing they can and
they can't get it done shelf Washington
is gridlocked nothing happens and
nothing good is going to happen if you
folks vote in more these politicians
these politicians don't have it their
all talk and no action I don't give a
damn if it doesn't work for me I have
this great company but this incredible
company I'll go back I'll be hit in the
face with a beautiful salt water wave
and one of my resume its ok its ok but
you know what I want to do this a lot of
people have said why do you do this why
I do it because I want to make America
great again it's so much more
even mike is a great kids he wanted you
know Don Erik and I have great
executives and and frankly you know
somebody should what you built a really
great company and I did you take a look
at you know when I did the filing
everyone said well who never run then I
read he'll never sign for me that's when
you signed your life away as they said i
think is gonna run that does it but
you'll never put into the net chose
because maybe he's not as richer
successful as people think I am i
financials they thought that maybe a
test for extensions cause you're allowed
45 day extensions forever for the rest
of your life you never have to put in it
you could have so many extensions I told
my account severe extra-terrestrial out
of money to do almost a hundred pages
the biggest one ever filed by a factor
of many times right I told my counsel I
wanted done before 30 days you get 30
days to put him in but then you can have
the extensions to the rescue Life OK and
some of these politicians they filed one
page and they've asked for extensions ok
so I said I want to do it before the 30
days because a lot of the pundits it
well maybe less for extensions and it'll
go on past selection so I put them in
and they went down and they looked and
the company is a massive I built a great
company very low debt tremendous cash
flow and believe me if those numbers
weren't good I wouldn't be running right
now because I wouldn't and that's why a
lot of people said a private person they
don't know what the hell I have nobody
knows what they have but I filed this
document done by the best accounting
firms in washington the best law firms
in washington everything right down to
the way it's supposed to be and you know
what happened to press went down they
were dying to see this and they couldn't
believe it was much bigger than anybody
ever anticipated the greatest assets or
everything great low debt tremendous
schedule so here is what happens I found
it and I filed by probably would have
even if I wasn't going to run every once
in awhile you like to brag a little bit
I will tell you but what happened is i
filed at and I'm not saying it in a
braggadocio sleigh it's the kind of
thinking that our country needs we have
to make great deals now we can't
continue to go on like this we can't
lose five hundred and five billion
dollars a year to China on trade deficit
you can't do it you can't do it we can't
lose hundreds of billions of dollars to
Japan they send our cars these cars are
pouring in
I went to Los Angeles recently I saw a
ship's the biggest ships have ever seen
a loaded up with cars from Japan we give
them practically nothing it's called
imbalance it's all one way we have
people negotiating for us who are
political hacks they're the best
political hacks in the world they get
their jobs because they give campaign
contributions some of them get the job
because they work hard with politicians
but they don't know anything
Carl Icahn as an example is a great
businessman he endorse me many
businessmen of interest me they want to
endorse me because they say cars and
trucks the only one that knows what
they're talking about the politicians
don't mention corporate intrusion before
then even know what that term means
companies are leaving us and we don't do
anything about it and new hampshire
knows it better than anybody as you've
already gone through it but you have a
hate to tell you have more companies
leaving we're gonna bring the company's
back from China we're gonna bring the
company's back from Japan we're gonna
bring the company's back from excuse me
Mexico Mexico Mexico is killing us at
the border and they're killing us with
dread Mexico just got the big nabisco
plant from Chicago it's closing in
Chicago it's moving to Mexico so what
are we not going to eat any more Oreos
that's a good thing not a bad thing
mexico has many car plans coming people
like going to become the car capital of
the world
a two and a half billion dollar plan in
to see they were all set to build a new
plant all set and it was all set to go
and then the foreign company that was
gonna build an announcer not going to go
there they gonna go to mexico it's crazy
what we're allowing to happen all
because our leaders are incompetent ok
they're incompetent
you know we make deals I always say so
we get a trader six people killed
looking six people go out and they look
for them and they were killed young
beautiful people are soldiers young
beautiful people six of them killed go
out look for sergeant Bergdahl so we get
Bergdahl and by the way we know he was a
traitor before we made the deal because
we had a general and a colonel goin
interview all of the people that he
worked with and they told him what
happened so we know it's not even like
oh gee we found out later that I can
understand I would like it but that I
can understand a little bit this is a
case where weekend Bergdahl and they get
five pillars that they've coveted that
they've wanted for years and they're
taking fight and there right now back to
the battlefield looking to kill
everybody including us
ok this is what we get this is the way
we make deals and can't go on go on go
on i think im gonna do great in new
hampshire I hope I'm going to do great I
love the people
thank you I love you too so we have so
many things happening and we don't have
the right people
the migration migration it's so sad to
see and it is I have a heart you know
people don't realize I am much warmer
than other people and much warmer I want
to help people i really do I want to
help people i want to get rid of
Obamacare get you something i wanna and
yeah but you know what we have some
people that won't be able to live and we
have to help people though we had to
help when republicans donald Trump
proposed helping people that have made
what we had to let him dying to see we
can't do it and republicans understand
that but we can have great plans they're
going to be less expensive
gonna be much more I mean Obamacare is
out of control and how about your
deductibles you have to be dead before
you can use them so high that unless you
have a fourteen years slow disease
you're not going to be able to use it
a man told me today from new hampshire
just today he said he gave it up because
he couldn't afford to get no coverage
whatsoever
he's always had coverage a lot of people
had coverage if they were very happy
with it given it up and now they have
lousy coverage all the lines 28 times
about the doctor right 28 times I
actually said why did we sued for fraud
because it was tried and by the way a
lot of the democrats had they known to
say when approved it it just made it but
they will like to also it would have
never been approved but your gonna keep
your doctor all the things that he said
were total eyes and if he did say that
cuz they were good phrases they were
false but they will get raises if he
didn't say that they would have never
gotten it fast and believe me
Obamacare is a big people sort of
forgotten but I find it to be almost
tougher sometimes the biggest applause I
get when I say I'm going to terminate
determining whether to terminate and
replace it with something great
less expensive and much better and
people really want that a lot of people
forget about the five billion dollar
website $5 for a website shit or crooked
politics you listen to this song
medicare going to keep your social
security we're gonna bring jobs back
we're gonna make a country rich again to
keep it if you've been paying into
social security for years and now they
say we want to we want to raise the age
we want to do all sorts of things we're
gonna bring jobs back they've stripped
our country of well you know we had a
quarter last quarter when we had a
century no-growth so we have more people
we have more trouble we have far more
unemployment although it is reported
that way
look these unemployment statistics are
meant and were devised by politicians so
that it looks good when they say 5.2%
this room wouldn't be packed it was
really 5.2% I go to the other day I mean
I go to dallas we have twenty-one
thousand people I go to Mobile Alabama
of 35,000 people by the way we get and I
say we check out the cover of Time
magazine last week the most incredible
story about us all of us that means but
I'm like the messenger I feel like the
messages on MSN Messenger but I'm gonna
be a I'm gonna be a good you're going to
love the messenger you gotta love you
president you'd be so proud in your
country
throughout the country again you know
within a country we have to we can go on
this way but I go to Mobile Alabama
35,000 people they're incredible people
they like you is that different i mean
you're from new hampshire there from
mobile if they love the country you left
the country we all left the country
we're all doing it for the same reason
we're losing our country and it'll never
be the same and we have a hilary is
silly she makes it past her scandal
which is really a big question you have
a situation where General Petraeus and
many other people for doing five percent
of what hillary clinton did have been
destroyed and I think I helped him
because I've been really pounding on top
of everything else they wanted to take
away his rank they wanted to reduce his
rank and I said leave General Petraeus
alone it's enough it's enough these
tough guys in washington you know their
real tough guys they can't be dices they
can't beat anybody Afghanistan is going
to hell
the Middle East is is going down I've
been saying bomb the oil for years and
they haven't done it they just started
after powers and they're doing a very
gentle bombing because they don't want
to pollute the atmosphere and a not say
what that true they don't want to bomb
the oil because they don't want to
pollute the atmosphere and yet Obama
will take Air Force One and all of
Boeing 747 with the old engines and spew
crap into the atmosphere as he goes to
Hawaii
and saved for almost three weeks playing
golf and then comes back in the same
plane and then he'll have a news
conference on global warming and talking
about the carbon footprint give me a
break
today I chose somebody to love God and
add some of the greatest golf courses in
the world and a rally on some of the
great one at Turnberry in Scotland will
have the British Open some of the
greatest British Opens in the history of
of golf and some of the great Jack
Nicklaus against Tom Watson they say the
Duel in the Sun right to duel in the sun
the greatest tournament ever played was
at Turnberry the Duel in the Sun Jack
Nicklaus Tom watch it so I have to clean
and stuff but you know what I let go but
if I were in the white house I don't
think I'd ever see turned very good I
don't think I have a seat Doral again I
went to rally in Miami I don't think
I've ever seen any of the places that I
have I don't think it's anything I just
want to stay in the white house in work
my ass off but great just gonna leave
you know you know now I hope I'm gonna
be through the white house but I'm
building a building right down the road
that's also on pennsylvania you talk
about deal making I brought it up today
for the first time so the old puzzle has
built in 1880 the Old Post Office is
incredible it's on Friday as a whole
blocks on pennsylvania avenue best
location right between the capitol
building and though it has everybody
wanted hi it very close contributors to
Obama every everybody Sheridan Helton
everybody wanted one of the hottest it's
run by the GSA General Services there
the landlord for the united states and
by the way very very good people and
very very good professionals
well that's because they chose me but
they are honest
they didn't use the I don't think I'd be
saying that probably but the truth is I
have i mean they are very good they're
excellent so what happened is and I work
with Ivanka has anyone heard of you and
she's dressed and we put it in and a
plan was to build a great take this
whole post office which is no longer
used and has been sitting for years and
years like 30 years really and take it
and converted into one of the world's
great hotels and other people many hotel
companies bid it was the hottest from
what I hear let's say 10 because there's
so many people back there if there was
one hundred but I doubt it just about
the hottest property in the history of
the General Services Administration they
did it out and we came up with a great
plan for a great Hotels of the World and
by the way I have to tell you this it's
two years ahead of schedule its opening
listen to this it'll open in September
of this year isn't that convenient I
said we have to open it before the big
day so we're gonna be opening in
September of this year we're actually I
mean the limit was to use but we're
actually been a year and a half ahead of
schedule which it on here when was the
last time you heard about a government
project what we love the tunnel in
Boston deli folks now is twenty years
later in about 40 million dollars over
budget so here's just under budget and
ahead of schedule by a lot is that nice
wouldn't it be nice but I think in terms
we want to negotiate we need deals right
we need great deals with trade we have
to you know they're buying a new efforts
13 billion in spending three billion to
bring it up because if I when I'm going
to be the one to use it right so I said
it didn't want to bring it up in tonight
at break it up for the first time do you
think I could make a better deal than
three billion dollars for an airplane
maybe just I know so much about
airplanes when I heard three billion I
said rule I said let's buy some of that
boeing stopped that's a lot so everybody
wanted it
hyatt the Pritzker family is Obama's
biggest supporter just about from
Chicago nice family good family they
wanted to say hi everybody wanted to
help his trump get the most valuable
asset in the GSA the most sought after a
sit-in the GSA I got it for similar
prize I did pay the question I gotta for
similar price get the greatest asset in
the most coveted as I got it how to help
the white get it into your
administration it's called negotiation i
wouldn't make a deal like a hundred and
fifty billion dollars to a randomly get
nothing
ok I would have said I want my present
his deck and your hostages I want him
back before we even start and they would
have said no and I would have said very
simply yes that's right you know I said
bye bye right we leave the room we
doubled up the sanctions within 48 hours
they call us they say you've got your
prison then what do i do I go back into
the room I say and my father always used
to say you've gotta take the lumps that
he thought everyone was too tough to be
soft little bit like Jeb Bush every once
in awhile saw
he said son take the lumps yet so I
wouldn't say I want to get the prisoners
back now they'll and now we call ok
we're ready to negotiate now thank you
for releasing a person's okay again
hundred-percent to give them back
because you have to ratchet up now we go
back out of 150 billion if biggest
problem I have with if I win is that
they have two hundred and fifty billion
that the given to everybody but us by
the way they're buying planes from
Airbus a hundred and eighteen air planes
from Airbus they're buying missiles from
russia there in Italy by buying from
everybody but us so my father would say
take the lumps hii go and then say the
following I'm sorry we can't give you
the hundred and fifty billion dollars we
have a country that bust the country has
no money we owe nine trillion dollars
we're going to have nineteen we own 19
trillion dollars we're going to over
twenty one trillion dollars we have no
money I'm so they could go nuts to
forget about it
come on let's say that and you negotiate
a deal I would ever paid a hundred and
fifty billion dollars but these
politicians have no clue a guy like
Carrie I mean this guy hit do you think
you read the art of the deal a guy like
carried I think you hit a guy like
Carrie he never walk from that
negotiation ones in a random dancing in
the streets calling us stupid people
they were celebrating the deal before we
even signed it they were saying what a
great deal it is before we even saw
everybody was saying what a great
negotiator the guy on the other side of
the table it and he is you know the
Persians agree to negotiate but they're
all saying what a great negotiators who
is like here we can even send it to you
when you say if you saw this happening
in your the negotiator and I so you say
let's walk looking man to deal with
stupid and then what happens then what
happens so now the deal is done the
money is about ready to pass and they
catch wonderful young sailors that have
a problem with the engine and a citizen
lets get it fixed up up up on your way
they bring them and they drop them to
the beggin position on their knees hands
up guns at the head and are rough guy
you heard that voice right that wasn't a
nice person
roughing them up and what do we do
apologize I mean it was such a
humiliating situation and they would
have never given the sale is back but
then that stupid people they're very
smart people much broader than our
people much larger than our negotiators
by a factor of about 200 we would have
never gotten the sailors back except for
one thing the money was going to start
passing two days after they got so we
gotta back we were humiliated as a
country we gave him the money like
nothing happened we are led by these
guys they keep coming to me one of them
came up to me about three weeks after
one of the debates said that mexico's
gonna pay for the well they won't pay
for the 100% they make a fortune on the
wall is peanuts they don't even think he
can build a wall I said two thousand
years ago China built the Great Wall of
China its 18,000 miles long they did it
before caterpillar tractors were now of
course of course China would never use
caterpillar tractors why would they use
them unless they built the plans by the
way on Chinese soil so China bit two
thousand years ago they built a wall
that is this is a serious wall right I'm
look at him you know about that one
that's a serious so we need a thousand
miles
ok 133 need a thousand miles because
it's two thousand miles but they have a
lot of natural barriers lot of good
stuff that sucks so we need thousands
and I have these politicians said you
can't rebuild will you know they wanted
to build the wall fifteen years ago and
they couldn't do it because they
couldn't get their environmental impact
study approach did you know that because
there was stakes returned as a toads are
not sure you look it up a lot of the
people that are now against the wall
including some of the democrats check
Hillary by the way check they wanted the
wall but they couldn't get it done they
couldn't get an environmental impact
statement approved can you believe it
now you have China in the South China
Sea they're building a military base
creating an island right smack in the
middle of the OSHA
creating an island they have the biggest
excavators you've ever seen
they're ripping the shit out of the sea
right and they're building runways and
airports that building forts
do you think they got an environmental
impacts our country's in trouble
countries in trouble so we're going to
fix it
we're going
wagons we're gonna have strong borders
would have the wall with a strong strong
borders were gonna have tremendous trade
deals I have these guys and women I have
these people that is the best in the
world did the best business people know
what I know I know the great ones I know
the bad ones I know the over rated ones
yet people that you think agreed that
the totally overrated I happened to be
underrated by the lab but that's okay
it's good to be very good to be
underrated that's why when they looked
at my statement I said I think this
guy's been underrated I know the
greatest in the world and we're going to
use them when I can use the Hawks
anymore
will not be used Caroline Kennedy in
Japan to talk about cars what the hell
she's a very nice person you know why
she's a nice person because my daughter
Ivanka like sure when my daughter likes
her that's good that doesn't mean I want
her negotiating with Japan on cars ok so
some of these people like terrible human
beings some of these people are horrible
you wouldn't hear you would never ever
have dinner with some of these people
although the very rich you might have
dinner with the matter which does money
matter that much she says no I'll bet
you will but not now these are people
that in many cases are horrible people
who cares I want the best the greatest
negotiators in the world negotiating
this from now on we're not gonna let
mexico still all our businesses and and
this has been going on for years I mean
you look at new hampshire this is going
to happen and we're gonna bring business
back we're gonna have businesses we
gotta have businesses that used to be in
new hampshire that are now in mexico
come back to New Hampshire and you can
tell themselves
because they let you down and they left
we want the businesses that stayed i
dont lot of businesses appeared out of
business up here these are great people
they coulda left and they want to stay
they want to say they're fighting just
it's hard with the highest tax nation in
the entire world it's hard for them to
stay and those are the ones we have to
cherish and love these are the people
that are great but you don't have people
come back down my tax proposal cuts the
hell outta taxes for the middle class
for business we go from the highest tax
nation in the world to a nation that's
got pretty low on the taxes ok pretty
low on the list but the middle class has
been abandoned by our country they built
the country the middle class has been
banded
events have been abandoned that's akin
to be taken care of the way they should
be wears out the ultimate vet and a
loves me right you better love me right
this wouldn't be terrible if you said
known as the jump I don't love you I'll
put your hand go ahead say it again now
said in the Michael you have a mic for a
reason
I don't judge this man is always there
and he goes to others are also and he
goes to other people that are running
and he doesn't he said he gave up here
we go to everything all he cares about
is that the vets are taking forever I
love this guy special special
gonna take care of it you know that
sometimes wait five days six days in a
waiting room for a simple prescription
or simple something a procedure and
sometimes they die they die waiting this
story's thousands and that you wouldn't
believe it's possible thousands and
thousands of vets die waiting to see a
doctor
it's not gonna happen right it's not
gonna happen anymore folks we're gonna
take care of our vets we're not even
talking about money
the fact is that if you look at the
money that we squander and steel take a
look at Arizona what's going on with the
VA in Arizona it should disclose the
money that stolen the corruption is
unbelievable it's all over the country
hour ago to be taken care of our
military is going to be rebuilt
we're gonna do things were protecting
our 2nd Amendment big-league big lake
we're getting rid of Common Core we're
gonna bring education to the you know
they're chipping away at your second
Amendment every time you see something
that shipping and shipping if in as you
know if in as if in california where you
had to do they got married these two
people
wonderful people barrage she probably
radicalized him down those out happen
maybe radicalized alright doubted but
they go out they worked with a group of
people that gave them parties gave them
their baby shower gave them so they walk
in they killed them fourteen people dead
something wrong then you have in Paris
and a lot of things happened in Paris
lot of things changed and people like me
more after Paris which is terrible in a
way for people like me more after Paris
because they want somebody that
understands what the hell is going on
and I get it in Paris have a hundred and
thirty people killed dead if we had some
people and by the way many many people
many many people lying in a hospital so
gravely wounded many more tests they
walk in
hundred and thirty people horribly hurt
people lives destroyed people if they
don't die if they want guns on the other
side if there was like you you that guy
right over the tall guy with the red if
we had if we had some people on the
other side that were being shot with
guns wrapped around their ankles are
there ways with the bullets could go in
the other direction you wouldn't have
had the carnage that you had they had
nothing remember what I said at the
beginning
90 remember what I said at the beginning
the toughest gun laws in the world Paris
the toughest in the world same thing in
California if you had people that had a
couple of
protect our 2nd Amendment protected when
I get away
just finishing up education is important
so I tell you I'm gonna get a common
common car is Washington Department of
Education so we're ranked as a country
number thirty in the world where ranks
as a country cost per pupil number one
in the world so we pay the most in the
entire world for education by a factor
that so high that the second-place
contender and by the way it's Norway
Sweden Denmark China and on and on and
then as you start getting up we end up
with third world countries that come
before us pretty sad right with thirty
we have third-world countries that have
better educational systems in the United
States of America now think of this so
we're number one in cost per pupil and
when number thirty will the bottom of
the fact wouldn't it be nice
ok and I i related to something else
like Jeb Bush he's been a hundred
million dollars and he's nowhere at the
bottom of the only reason I even bring
them up as he does so many commercials
of me this negative is so now I didn't
even know I was that bad a person I just
know this so negative but they can't be
that negative because every time they go
on my poll numbers go up it's crazy
but they come in for this campaign I
have spent less money than anybody else
and I'm number one in every poll
nationally right and by the way I'm
number one in new hampshire will you
please keep me there the victim keep me
there are you be so happy if you do
you'll be so proud of that decision
believe me
believed to be so proud so I spent the
leash and I have the best Rizzo wouldn't
it be great if the united states could
do that not only with education with
other think we spend the least and we
have the best we spend the least we have
wouldn't that be fantastic great so
we're gonna start winning again we're
gonna win on trade with these other
countries that are ripping us off we're
gonna win on health care we're gonna win
with the military we're gonna knock the
shit out of Isis but they're not gonna
win on health care we're going to win
every everything we have so many
victories which is that we just can't
fail anymore we don't have the option to
fill anymore we have a country that's a
debtor nation and we don't have the
option so I just want to tell you this
is an important evening this is a great
group I've done five of these today in
different forms do you think this is fun
this is fine I dunno I've had more
meetings today I've had great meetings I
met with your police department and
Manchaca Ben why would you like them
right I met with police I met with by
the way the police they do such a great
job you talked and we have to honor a
place okay so it's very important that
worry you gotta get out don't think
we're gonna win don't think we're gonna
win just go out you gotta get out and
vote no matter where you are no matter
how you feel I don't give a damn you
gotta go out you gotta get out of bed
we've gotta create a mandate we have to
create victory and I'm telling you I
give you my word we will make this
country this great great country we will
make it better and stronger and smarter
than ever ever ever before
thank you I love you thank you

ladies and gentlemen please welcome
Yvonne car truck the welcome everybody
today
I have the honour and introducing a man
who needs no introduction the his legend
has been built
and his accomplishments are too many to
name
that man is my father the
most people strive their entire lives to
achieve great success
in a single fields my father has
succeeded in many
at the highest level and on a global
scale
he's enjoyed success in a vast diversity
and industries
because the common denominator is him
his vision his brilliance
his passion his work ethic and his
refusal
to take no for an answer the I've
enjoyed the good fortune of working
alongside my father for ten years now
and i've seen these principles in action
daily
I remember him telling me when I was a
little girl
even care if you're gonna be thinking
anyway
you might as well be thinking Bay and
that's how he approaches
any task that he undertakes he thinks
big my father is employed
tens of thousands of people throughout
his career and he is inspired them to do
extraordinary things
he has the strength to make hard
decisions
and motivate those around him to achieve
the impossible
he is an optimist who chases big dreams
and sees potential where others do not
he leads by example and will
out work anyone in any room
my father is
the opposite a politically correct he
says what he means
and he means what he says the
he is also the best negotiator
I have ever met countless times I have
stood by his side
and watch to make deals that seemed
impossible to get done
he has the discernment
understand what the other party needs
and then to get exactly what he wants my
father
knows how to be a fierce opponent but
also
how to be a very loyal friend when it
comes to building bridges
he can do so figuratively but also has
the rare ability
to do so literally on time and under
budget the throughout his career
my father has been repeatedly called
upon by local
and federal government to step in and
save
long-stalled grossly over budget public
projects whether it's building
a skating rink in the heart of Central
Park meticulously restoring
the exterior facade Grand Central
Terminal enabling the development
a new york city is jacob javits
Convention Center
creating a championship public golf
course for the City of New York
or redeveloping the iconic
but totally underutilized all post
office building
on pennsylvania avenue in the heart of
Washington DC
my father succeeds time and time again
where government has failed before him I
consider myself fortunate
to have learned from the best both as an
entrepreneur or
and as a parent my father's a man who is
deeply grounded in tradition
he raise my siblings and me
to work hard and to strive for
excellence
in all that we do he taught us
that we have a responsibility to make a
positive contribution to society
here today my father is again
leading me by example my generation
finds itself at a crossroads
our leadership has been mired
indie rocker C up its own creation if we
don't adapt
politically and economically our country
will be left behind
to address the many challenges we face
we don't need to talk we need action
we need execution we need someone who is
bold and independent
with a proven track record of
successfully creating and building
large and complex and complicated
organizations
and in the process enabling many many
americans to better their lives
I can tell you
that there's no better person than my
father to have in your corner
when you're facing tough opponents or
making hard decisions
he is battle-tested he is a dreamer
but perhaps more importantly he is a
doer
ladies and gentlemen
it is my pleasure to introduce to you
today
unmanned who I have loved and respected
my entire life my father Donald J trump
that is some group for people thousands
so nice thank you very much it's really
nice thank you
it's great to be a trump tower great to
be in our wonderful city new york
and it's an honor to have everybody here
this is beyond
anybody's expectations is been no crowd
like this
and I can tell you sum up the candidates
they winnin
they didn't know the air conditioner
didn't work they sweated like dogs
they didn't know the room was too big
because they didn't have anybody there
how they gonna beat I sis I don't think
it's gonna happen
our country is in serious trouble
we don't have victories
anymore we used to have victories but we
don't have 'em when was the last time
anybody saw %uh speeding let's say China
in a trade deal they kill us
IP China all the time all the time
when did we beat Japan
at anything they send their cars over
by the millions and what do we do
when was the last time use our Chevrolet
in Tokyo
it doesn't exist folks they beat us
all the time when do we beat Mexico
at the border they're laughing at us at
our stupidity and now they're beating us
economically they are not our friend
believe me but they're killing us
economically
the US has become a dumping ground
for everybody else's problems
the
tackle it's true
and these are the best in the finest
when mexico's sends its people they're
not sending their best
they're not sending you they're not
sending you
they're sending people that have lots of
problems
and they're bringing those problems with
us they're bringing drugs
they bring in crime their rapists and
some
I assume a good people but I speak to
border guards
and they tell us what we're getting and
it only makes common sense
it only makes common sense this sending
us
not the right people it's coming from
more than mexico it's coming from all
over south and Latin America and it's
coming
probably probably from the Middle East
but we don't know because we have no
protection
and we have no competence we don't know
what's happening and it's gotta stop
and its gotta stop fast
the
Islamic terrorism is heating up
large portions up the middle east
they become rich i'm in competition with
them
they just built a hotel in Syria can you
believe this
they built a hotel when I have to build
a hotel
I pay interest then I have to pay
interest because they took the oil
that when we left Iraq I said we should
have taken
so now ices has the oil
and what they don't have
haran haz and in nineteen
and I will tell you this and I said it
very strongly
years ago I said
and I love the military and i wanna have
the strongest military
that we've ever had and we need more now
than ever but I said don't
hit iraq because you don't it totally
destabilize the Middle East
a Rand is going to take over the middle
east
Iran and somebody else will get the oil
and it turned out that Iran is now
taking over iraq
they coveted a rant is taking over iraq
and they take it over big way we sped
to trillion dollars in Iraq to drill
your
we lost thousands of lives
thousands in Iraq we have wounded
soldiers who I love I love take great
all over the place thousands and
thousands of wounded soldiers
and we have nothing we can even go there
we have nothing
and every time we give a rack equipment
the first time a bullet goes off in the
air
they leave it last week I read to
thousand 300 hum these
these are big vehicles were left behind
for the enemy
2000 you would say maybe two
maybe four to thousand
300 sophisticated vehicles
there and and the enemy to you're right
the last quarter
it was just announce are gross domestic
product a sign of strength
right but not for us it was
below 0 who ever heard of this it's
never below zero
our labor participation rate was the
worst
since 1978 but they give the GDP below
zero
horrible labor participation rate and
are real
unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20
percent don't believe the 5.6
don't believe it that's right a lot of
people up there can't get a job
they can't get jobs because there are no
jobs
because China has our jobs and mexico
has our jobs they all other jobs
but the real number the real number
is anywhere from 18 19 and maybe even 21
percent and nobody talks about it
because it's a statistic thats
fallen out sense the
our enemies
are getting stronger and stronger by the
day
and we as a country are getting weaker
even our nuclear arsenal
does it work it came out recently
they have equipment that's thirty years
old they don't even know if it worked
and I thought it was horrible
when it was broadcast on television
because boy does that send signals
to Putin and all the other people
that look at us and they say that is a
group of
people and that is a nation that truly
has no clue take don't know what they're
doing
they don't know what they're doing we
have a disaster
called the big lie Obamacare
Obamacare yesterday came out
that costs are going for people
up 29 39 49
and even 55 percent
and deductibles are through the roof you
have to get hit by a tractor
literally a tractor to use it
because the deductibles are so high it's
virtually useless
it is a disaster and
remember the five billion dollar
website five billion we spent their
website
and to this day it doesn't work a5
billion dollar website I have so many
web sites have all over the place
I hire people they do a website a cost
me three dollars
5 billion dollar
website
where you need somebody
because politicians are all talk no
action
nothing's gonna get done they will not
bring us believe me
to the promise land they will not
as an example I've been on the circuit
making speeches and I hear
my fellow republicans in the wonderful
people
i cum they all want me to support them
they don't know how to bring about the
come up to my office I
a meeting with reaffirming the next week
and they don't know
are you running are you not running
could we have to support
what do we do how do we do it i like 'em
and I hear their speeches and they don't
talk jobs and they don't talk China was
the last time you heard
China is killing us did devaluing their
currency to a level that you wouldn't
believe it makes it
impossible for our companies to compete
impossible they're killing us
but you don't hear that from anybody
else you don't hear it from
anybody else and I watched this features
thank you i watch the speeches are these
people
and they say the Sun will rise
the move will set all sorts of wonderful
things will happen I'll
and people are saying what's going on
I just want a job just get me a job
I don't need the rhetoric I want a job
and that's what's happening and it's
going to get worse because remember
Obamacare really kicks in and 16
2016 Obama is going to be out playing
golf
he might even be on one of my courses I
would invite him I actually would say
I have the best courses in the world
site say you know what if you want see I
have one right next to the white house
right on the potomac if you'd like to
play that's fine
fact I'd love them to leave early and
play that would be a very good
but
Obamacare kicks in in 2016
really big lake it is going to be
amazingly destructive doctors acquitting
I have a friend who is a doctor and he
said to me the other day Donald
I never saw anything like it I have more
accountants
that I have nurses it's a disaster my
patience
are decide themselves they had a plan
that was good they have no plan now
we have to repeal Obamacare and it can
reap
be replayed add it can be replaced with
something much better
for everybody let it be for everybody
but much better and much less expensive
for people
and for the government and we can do it
show
I've watched the politicians I dealt
with them all my life
if you can't make a good deal with the
politician then there's something wrong
with you you're certainly not very good
and that's what we have representing us
they will never make America great
again.
they don't even have a chance they're
controlled
fully they're controlled falling
by the lobbyists by the donors
and by the special interests clearly
thats
the controller pay I have lobbyists I
had to take I have lobbyist can produce
anything for me
a great but you know what it won't
happen
it won't happen because we have to stop
doing things for some people but for
this country it's destroying
country we have to stop and it has to
stop now
now our country needs
our country needs
a truly great leader and we need a truly
great leader now
we need a leader
that wrote the art of the deal we need
a leader that can bring back I jobs can
bring back our manufacturing can bring
back our military take care of our vets
our vets have been abandoned and we also
need
a cheerleader you know when
President Obama was elected I said well
the one thing I think you'll do well I
think he'll be a great cheerleader
for the country I think you'd be a great
spirit
he was vibrant he was your I really
thought that he would be a great
cheerleader
he's not a leader that's true
you're right about that but he wasn't
a cheerleader he's actually a negative
force it's been a negative force
he was a cheerleader he was the opposite
we need somebody
that can take the brand up the United
States
and make it great again it's not great
again
we me we need some body
we need somebody
that literally will take this country
and make it great again we can do that
and I will tell you I love my life
I have a wonderful family they're saying
dead you gonna do something that's going
to be so tough you know all of my life
I've heard
that a truly successful person really
really successful person and even
modestly successful cannot run
for public office just can't happen and
yet that's the kind of mindset
that you need to make this country great
again so
ladies and gentlemen I am officially
running
the
for President of the United States the
and we are going to make
our country great again
it can happen
our country has tremendous potential
we have tremendous people we have people
that
aren't working we people that have no
incentive to work
but they gonna have incentive to work
because the greatest
social program is a job and they'll be
proud and they'll love it
and they'll make much more money than
they would've ever made
and they'll be they'll be doing so well
and we're going to be thriving as a
country
thriving it can happen I will be
the greatest jobs president that God
ever created I tell you the I'll bring
back I jobs from China from Mexico from
Japan
from so many places I'll bring back I
jobs and I'll bring back our money
right now think if this way out China
1.3 trillion dollars we r Japan
more than that so they come in they take
a job they take our money and then
they'll owners back the money
and we pay them in a dress and then the
dollar goes up
so their deals even better how
stupid our own leaders house stupid
are these politicians to allow this to
happen
house stupid art
I'm going to tell you thank you I'm
gonna tell you a couple of stars
about trade because I'm totally against
the trade bill
for a number of reasons number one the
people negotiating
don't have a clue our president doesn't
have a clue
is a bad to go sheer he's the one that
did Bergdahl
we get bad girl they get five killer
terrorists that everybody wanted
over there we get burger we get a
traitor we get a no good trader
and they get the five people that they
wanted for years
and those people and now back to the
battlefield trying to kill us
that's a negotiator we have take a look
at the deal he's making with Iran
he makes that deal Israel maybe won't
exist very long
it's a disaster and we have to protect
Israel
but so we need people on the free trader
but the problem with free trade
is unique really talented people
to negotiate for you if you don't have
talented people if you don't have great
leadership if you don't have people that
know business is not just a political
hack
they got the job because he made a
contribution to a campaign
which is the way all jobs just about a
got free trade is terrible
free trade can be wonderful if you have
smart people but we have people that are
stupid we have people that aren't smart
I we have people that are controlled by
special interests and
it's just not going to work so here's a
coupla stories happen
recently a friend of mine is a great
manufacture
and you know china comes over and a
double their stuff and i buy it i buy
because frankly I have an obligation to
buy because they devalue their
currencies so brilliantly they just did
a recently
and nobody thought they could do it
again but with all our problems with
Russia
with all our problems with everything
everything
they got away with it again and it's a
possible
for our people here to complete so I
won't tell you the story
for two months a great manufacture calls
me up
few weeks ago is very upset
as to what you prop he said you know I'm
a great product I said I know I know
that because i buy the product he said i
cant get it into China
they won't accept it I sent a boat over
and they actually sent it back
they talked about environmental they
talked about also to crap that had
nothing to do with it
I said oh wait a minute that's terrible
does anyone know this he said yet they
do it all the time with other people
I said they sent it back yeah so I
finally got it over there
and they charged me a big para did not
supposed to be doing that
I told them now they do charge a tariff
or trucks
when we send trucks and other things
over there s Boeing
they wanted Boeing secrets they wanted
their patents in all their secrets
before they agreed to buy planes from
Boeing pay
I'm not saying this stupid I'd like
China
I sell apartment 210 I just sold an
apartment for fifteen million dollars
to somebody from China am I supposed to
dislike
I own a big chunk at the Bank of America
building in 1290 Avenue of the Americas
that I got from China in a war 0
very valuable I love China
the biggest bank in the world is from
China
you know where their United States
headquarters is located
in this building in Trump Tower I love
China
people so you don't like China know I
love
but their leaders are much smarter than
our leaders
and we can sustain ourself with that is
too much
it's like it's like take the New England
Patriots and Tom Brady
and have them play your high school
football team
that's the difference between China's
leaders
and our leaders they are ripping us we
are rebuilding China
we're rebuilding many countries China
you go there now
roads bridges schools you
this or anything like it they have
bridges that make the George Washington
Bridge look like small potatoes
and they're all over the place we have
all the cards
but we don't know how to use them we
don't even know that we have the cards
because our leaders
don't understand the game we could turn
off that spigot
by charging them tax until they behave
properly
now they're going militarily they're
building a military Island
in the middle at the South China Sea a
military Island
now our country could never do that
because we have to get environmental
clearance
and the environmentalists would let a
cat we would never build in an ocean
they built in about 1 year this massive
military port
they're building up their military to
appoint
that is very scary you have a problem
with my sis you have a bigger problem
with china
and in my opinion the new China believe
it or not in terms of trade
is mexico so this man tells me about
the manufacturing I say that's a
terrible story I hate to hear
but I have another one Ford so mexico
takes a company car company that was
going to build in Tennessee
rips it out everybody thought the deal
was dead reported in the wall street
journal
recently everybody thought it was a done
deal
it's going in and that's going to be it
going into tennessee great state great
people
all other son at the last moment this
big car manufacture far in
announces they're not going to Tennessee
they gonna spend a billion dollars in
Mexico instead
not good now for denounces
a few weeks ago therefore it is going to
build
82.5 billion dollar
car and dropped and parts
manufacturing plant
in mexico 2.5 billions could be one of
the largest in the world
Fort good company so I announced
that I'm running for president I would
one of the early things I would do
probably before even getting and I
wouldn't even use you know I have I know
the smartest negotiators in the world
I know the good ones I know the bad ones
I know the overrated what you got a lot
of that are overrated
they're not good they think they are
they get good stores has a newspaper's
get buffaloed
but they're not good but I know the best
negotiators in the world and I put 'em
one for each country believe me folks we
will do very very well
very very well but I wouldn't even waste
my time with this one I would call up
the head of or do I know
if I was present
at say congratulations I i understand
that you're building a nice
2.5 billion dollar car factory in mexico
and that you gonna take you guys and
sounded United States zero tax
just flown across the board and you say
to yourself
how does that help us right sign up is
where is a good it's not
so it's a congratulations that's the
good news let me give you the bad news
every car every truck
in every part manufactured in this plant
that comes across the border we're going
to charge you a 35 percent tax
hey and that tax
is going to be paid simultaneously with
the transaction and that said
here's what's gonna happen if it's not
me in the position it's one of these
politicians that we're running against
you know that
400 people that were already and here's
what's gonna happen
did not so stupid they know it's not a
good thing
and they may even be upset by but then
they get to get a call from their donors
or probably from the lobbyist for four
say you can't do that to Fort because
forty
takes care of me and I take a review and
you can't do that to Fort
a guess what no problem taken to build
in Mexico they gonna take away thousands
of jobs it's very bad for us cell
under President Trump here's what
happened the head afford
will call me back I would say within an
hour
after I told them the bad news but it
could be
wanna be cool and you wait till the next
day
you know they want to be a little cool
and I'll say please please please go
back for a little while
and I'll say no interest they'll call
also it's a political people and I'll
say
sorry fellas no interest because I don't
need anybody's money is nice
I don't need anybody's I'm using my own
money
I'm not using the lobbyists are not
using donors I don't care
I'm really rich sure that this by the
way
I'm not even saying that in a bragger
that's the kind of mindset that's a
kinda think it you need for this
country shell because we can make the
country Ridge it sounds crest somebody
should know that's kress
not press we got 18 trillion in debt
we got nothing but problems we get a
military that needs equip it all over
the place
we got nuclear weapons that are obsolete
we've got nothing we got social security
that's going to be destroyed
if somebody like me doesn't bring money
into the country all these other people
want to cut the hell outta
I'm not going to cut it all I'm gonna
bring money in
how we're gonna say but here's what's
gonna happen
after I'm called by 30 friends of mine
who contributed
different campaigns after I'm called by
all the special interests and by the
the donors and by the lobbyists
and they have zero chance a convincing
me 0
I get a call the next day from the head
afford
the state please reconsider all say no
he'll say mister president we decided to
move
the plant back to the United States
we're not going to build and much
check they have no choice they have no
choice
there are hundreds of things like that
a give another example Saudi Arabia
they make a billion dollars
a day a billion dollars a day
I love the saudis many are in this
building they make
a billion dollars a day whenever their
problems we send over the ship's we said
we're going to protect what we doing
began nothing but money if the right
person
ask them they pay a fortune they
wouldn't be there
except for us and believe me you look at
the border with Yemen
you remember Obama a year ago yeah man
was a great victory
red two weeks later the place was
blown-up
everybody get handicapped are equipped
they always keep our equipment
witness it used equipment right there
was keep our equipment
this is a real job because frankly
it would be where to send our surplus
were always losing this gorgeous friend
mister
but look at that border with Saudi
Arabia do you really think
that these people are interested in
Yemen
Saudi Arabia without us
is gone day gone and I'm the one that
made all the right predictions about
iraq
you know all these politicians and I'm
running against
now like it's so nice to say I'm running
as opposed to if I Ron
if I run running
but all these politicians that I'm
running against now
they're trying to disassociate me you
look to push it took him five days
to answer the question on iraqi couldn't
answer the question now
I said is intelligent and I look at
rubia he was unable to answer the
question
is a racket good thing or a bad thing he
didn't know he couldn't answer the
question
how are these people going to lead us
how we couldn't how we gonna go back in
make it great again weekend they don't
have a clue
take it lead us they can't they can't
even answer simple questions
it was terrible but Saudi Arabia is in
big big trouble
now thanks to fracking and other things
the Oilers all over the place and I used
to say it
their ships at sea in this was doing the
worst crisis
that were loaded up with oil and the
cartel
kept the pressure because again
there was smarter than our lives they
were smarter than a lease
there is so much wealth out there that
can make our country so rich again
and therefore make it great again
because we need money
with dying with dying
we need money we have to do it
we need the right people soak
Ford will come back they'll all come
back
and I will say this: this is going to be
an election in my opinion that's based
on
competence somebody said
thank you down
somebody said to me the other day a
reporter very nice reporter
but mister trump you're not a nice
person
that show but actually I am
I think I am a nice person people that
know me like me
does my family like me I think so right
with my fam a proud of my family
by the way speaking to my family Malani
a
barren Chi Donnie
Don Venessa Tiffany
a Bocca did a great job did she do a
great job great the Jared Lara
and Eric I'm very proud of my family
they're great family so
the reporter said to me the other day
but missed a trap
you're not a nice person how can you get
people to
vote for you I said now I said I think
that
number 1 i'ma nice person give a lot of
money away
to charities and other things I think
I'm actually
a very nice person but I said this is
going to be an election
that's based on competence because
people are tired of these nice people
and they're tired of being ripped off by
everybody in the world
and they're tired of spending more money
on education then any nation in the
world per capita
than any nation in the world
and would 26 in the world 25 countries
are better than I said education and
some of them are like third world
countries
but we're becoming a third world country
because of our infrastructure
our airports are roads everything so one
of the things I did and I said you know
what I'll do
%uh do it because a lot of people said
he'll never run number one you want to
give up his lifestyle
to read about that but I'm doing number
two
I'm a private company so nobody knows
what I'm worth and the one thing is that
when you run
you have to announce and certify
to all sorts of governmental authorities
your net worth so I said that's okay
I'm proud of my net with that done an
amazing job I started off
thank you I started off in a small
office with my father in Brooklyn and
Queens
and my father said and I love my father
I learned so much he was a great
negotiator
I learned so much just sitting at his
feet playing with blocks
listening to him negotiate with
subcontractors
but I learned a lot but he's to say
Donald don't go into Manhattan that's
the big leagues
we don't know anything about that don't
do it is it then I gotta go into
Manhattan
I got a bill those big buildings I gotta
do it dead I've gotta do it
and after four or five years in Brooklyn
I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot
a great deals the Grand Hyatt Hotel
I was responsible for the convention
center on the west side I did a lot of
great deals and I didn't
early and young and now a building all
over the world and I love what I'm doing
but they all said a lot of the pundits
on television
well Donald will never run and what are
the main reasons is
his private and he's probably not as
successful
as everybody thinks so I said to myself
you know nobody's ever gonna know unless
I run
because I'm really proud of my success I
really here
I've employed I've employed
hands up thousands a people
over my lifetime that means medical that
means education
that means every so a large accounting
firm in my accountants have been working
for months
because it's big and complex and they
put together
a state financials
is a summary but everything will be
filed eventually with
the government and we don't need
extensions or anything will be filing
right on we don't need any and
it was even reported incorrectly
estimate because they said he had assets
up nine billion says nice a wrong number
that's the wrong number not SS so
they put together this and before I say
I have to say this
I made your fashion which real estate
you notes
list its labor and its unions good and
some bad
and lots of people that are in unions
and its all over the place
and building all over the world and I
have assets
big accounting for while the most highly
respected
nine billion 240
million dollars and I have
liabilities
about 500 thats long-term debt
very low interest rates that one of the
big banks came to me said
Donald you don't have another borrowings
could we loan you four billion dollars
that I don't need it
I don't want it and I been there I don't
want it
but in two seconds they give me whatever
I wanted so I have
a total net worth and now with the
increase it'll be
well over ten billion dollars but here a
total net worth
love eight billion net worth not assets
not liability a net worth
after all dat
after all expenses the greatest asset
Trump Tower 12 ninety Evony the Americas
Bank of America building in San
Francisco
40 Wall Street sometimes referred to
as the Trump building right opposite the
New York's
many other places all over the world so
the
total is eight billion 737
million five hundred and forty thousand
dollars now I'm not doing that
I'm not doing that to Breakers you know
what and at the break I don't have to
believe it or not
I'm doing that this day that that's the
kind
of think Keeney our country needs
we need that think we have the opposite
thinking
we have losers
we have losers we have people that don't
have it we have people that are morally
corrupt
we have people that are selling this
country down the drain
so I put together the statement and the
only reason I'm telling you about it
today
is because we really do
have to get going because if we have
another three or four years you know
where 18 trillion now
we're soon going to be at $20 trillion
according to the economist who are not
big believers in but
nevertheless is what they're saying that
24 trillion we're very close that's the
point
have no return 24 trillion dollars we
will be there soon
that's when we become Greece thats
when we become a country that's on
salvageable and we're gonna be there
very soon we're gonna be there very soon
cell
just to sum up I would do
various things very quickly I would
repeal and replace the big lie Obama
Care
I would build
a great wall and nobody bills was better
than me believe me
and I'll build 'em very inexpensively I
will build a great
great wall on our southern border and I
will have Mexico
pay for that wall mark my words nobody
would be tougher
on ices then donald Trump nope I
I will find within our military
I will find the General Patton
or I will find general macarthur I will
find
the right guy I will find the guy that's
going to take that military
and make it really work nobody nobody
will be pushing us around
I will stop Iran
from getting nuclear weapons
and we will be using a man like
secretary carry that has
absolutely no concept of negotiation
whose make it a horrible it laughable
Dale who's just being tapped a long as
they make
weapons right now and then goes into a
bicycle race at 72 years old
and falls and breaks his leg I will be
doing that and I promise I will never be
in a bicycle race that I can tag
I will immediately terminate a
President Obama's illegal
executive order on immigration
immediately
fully support and backup
the Second Amendment now
very interesting today I heard through
stupidity
in a very very hardcore prison
interestingly name
clinton to vicious murders
to vicious people escaped and nobody
knows where they are
and a woman was on television this
morning
and she said you know mister juppe she
was telling other people like
actually called but she said you know
mister trap
I always was against god's I didn't want
guns
and now since this happened
its up in the prison area my husband and
I
are finally an agreement does he wanted
the guns we now have a gun on every
table
we're ready to start shooting I said
very interesting so
protect the second mm and
and Common Core
Common Core should
it is a disaster Bush is totally in
favor of Common Core
I don't see how he can possibly get the
nomination
he's we got immigration he's in favor of
Common Core
how the hell can you vote for this guy
you just can't do it
we have to end education has to be local
rebuild the country's
infrastructure nobody can do that
like me believe me it will be done on
time
on budget way below cost way below what
anyone ever thought
I look at these roads being built all
over the country
and I say I can build those things to
one-third what they do is
unbelievable how bad you know what
building
on pennsylvania avenue the Old Post
Office were converting it to
one of the world's great hotels could be
the best hotel in Washington DC
we got it from the general services
administration
in washington the O Parma administration
we got it it was the most highly sought
after all one of them but I think the
most highly sought after
project in the history up general
service
we got it people were shocked trumka
I got it for two reasons number one
we're really good number
do we had a really good plan and I lead
in the third
we had a great financial statement
because the general services who were
terrific people by the way
and talented people they wanted to do a
great job and they want to make sure got
built
so we have to rebuild our infrastructure
our bridges our roadways are airports
you come into LaGuardia Airport
it's like we're in a third world country
you look at the patches in the
forty-year-old floor they throw down
asphalt in a truck you look at these
airports we are like a third world
country
and I come in from China and I come in
from Qatar and I come in from
different places and they have the most
incredible airports in the world
you come back to this country and you
have LAX
disaster you have all these disasters
airports we have to rebuild are in for
save medicare medicaid
and social security without cuts have to
do it
get rid of the fraud get whether the
real waste and abuse
but save it people have been paying in
three years
and now many these candidates want to
cut it you save it
by making the United States by make it
as rich again
by taking back all of the money that's
being lost
renegotiate are far in
trade deals reduce our
18 trillion in debt because believe me
were in a bubble we have artificially
low interest rates
we have a stock market that frankly it's
been good to me but I still hate to see
what's happening
we have a stock market that is so
bloated
be careful though the bubble because
what you've seen in the past might be
small potatoes
compared to what happens so be very very
careful and strengthen
our military and take care of our vets
so
so import sadly
the American dream
is dead but if I get elected president
I will bring it back bigger
at better and stronger then ever before
and we will make America
great again thank you thank you very
much

THAT'S THE MAN.
[ CROWD CHANTING ]
>> SO AGAIN, WE HAVE TO THANK 
THE CANDIDATES BECAUSE THEY 
REALLY RAN -- WE HAVE SOME VERY 
TALENTED PEOPLE.
AND TO BE VICTORIOUS AGAINST 
SOME OF THESE PEOPLE, EVEN IF 
IT'S FOR ONE WEEK, BUT BELIEVE 
ME, IT'S GOING TO BE FOR MANY OF
WEEKS, OKAY?
THEY REALLY ARE TERRIFIC.
A NUMBER OF THEM CALLED.
I JUST WANTED TO THANK THEM BUT 
I WANTED TO CONGRATULATE THE 
OTHER CANDIDATES, OKAY?
NOW THAT I GOT THAT OVER WITH, 
YOU KNOW, IT'S ALWAYS TOUGH AND 
THEN TOMORROW BOOM, BOOM.
BUT THAT'S THE WAY IT IS.
AND REALLY, WE HAVE SOME REAL 
TALENT, REAL TALENT IN THE 
REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE RNC AND
REINCE, WE WANT TO THANK 
EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WELL, I'LL TELL UP, WHAT I'LL 
TELL YOU YOU WHAT, WHAT DO WE 
REALLY WANT TO THANK, RIGHT?
WE WANT TO THANK THE PEOPLE OF 
NEW HAMPSHIRE, RIGHT?
DO WE LOVE THE PEOPLE OF NEW 
HAMPSHIRE?
[ CHEERS ]
YOU KNOW, I SAID IT AND I SAID 
IT A YEAR AGO, I SAID I'M GOING 
TO DO REALLY WELL THERE BECAUSE 
I'M HERE A LOT AND IT'S SO 
BEAUTIFUL AND I LOVE IT SO MUCH 
AND I LOVE THE PEOPLE AND I SAID
I ACTUALLY THINK THEY LIKE ME A 
LOT AND THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN WE 
STARTED GETTING NUMBERS IN AND 
EVERYONE SAID HOW COME THEY LIKE
TRUMP SO MUCH BUT I HAVE SO MANY
FRIENDS UP HERE AND THEY ARE 
SPECIAL, SPECIAL PEOPLE.
SO, NEW HAMPSHIRE, I WANT TO 
THANK YOU.
WE LOVE YOU.
WE'RE GOING TO BE BACK A LOT.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO FORGET YOU.
YOU STARTED IT.
REMEMBER, YOU STARTED IT.
UP 
YOU KNOW, WHEN I CAME OUT, I 
HEARD THE END OF BERNIE AS 
SPEECH AND SOME OF THE 
BEGINNING.
NO, NO, FIRST OF ALL, WE HAVE TO
CONGRATULATE HIM.
WE MAY NOT LIKE IT.
I HEARD PART OF BEIRNE AS 
SPEECH.
HE WANTS TO GIVE AWAY OUR 
COUNTRY, FOLKS.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO LET IT 
HAPPEN.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE IT'S GOING 
WITH BERNIE.
WE WISH HIM A LOT OF LUCK.
WE'RE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA 
GREAT AGAIN UP WE'RE GOING TO 
DID IT THE OLD FASHIONED WAY.
WE'RE GOING TO BEAT CHINA, 
JAPAN, BEAT MEXICO AT TRADE.
WE'RE GOING TO BEAT ALL OF THESE
COUNTRIES THAT ARE TAKING SO 
MUCH OF OUR MONEY AWAY FROM US 
ON A DALY BASIS.
IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN ANYMORE
BEEM H
.
WE HAVE THE GREATEST PEOPLE IN 
THE WORLD.
WE HAVE POLITICAL HACKS 
NEGOTIATING OUR DEALS FOR 
BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND 
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN ANYMORE.
WE'RE GOING TO USE THE FINEST 
BUSINESS PEOPLE IN THE WORLD.
WE ARE GOING TO DO SOMETHING SO 
GOOD AND SO FAST AND SO STRONG 
AND THE WORLD IS GOING TO 
RESPECT US AGAIN, BELIEVE ME.
WE'RE GOING TO -- DO WE LOVE OUR
COUNTRY?
DO WE LOVE OUR COUNTRY?
I THINK ONE OF THE THINGS THAT 
REALLY CAUGHT ON, IT'S VERY 
IMPORTANT, SELF-FUNDING MY 
CAMPAIGN.
EVERYBODY ON BOTH SIDES, AND YOU
KNOW I WAS SAYING TWO WEEKS AGO,
I SAID I DON'T THINK PEOPLE 
REALLY APPRECIATE IT BECAUSE I 
SEE ALL OF THIS MONEY BEING 
POURED INTO COMMERCIALS AND IT'S
NOT THEIR MONEY, IT'S SPECIAL 
INTEREST MONEY.
THIS IS ON BOTH SIDES, THE 
DEMOCRAT SIDE, THE REPUBLICAN 
SIDE.
MONEY JUST POURING INTO 
COMMERCIALS.
THESE ARE SPECIAL INTERESTS, 
FOLKS.
THESE ARE LOBBYISTS.
THESE ARE PEOPLE THAT DON'T 
NECESSARILY LOVE OUR COUNTRY, 
THEY DON'T HAVE THE BEST 
INTERESTS OF OUR COUNTRY AT 
HEART.
WE WERE NOT GOING TO LET IT 
HAPPEN.
WE CAN'T.
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
BHU
.
WHEN YOU SEE THE KIND OF DEALS 
MADE IN OUR COUNTRY, THEY'RE 
MADE FOR THEIR BENEFIT.
WE HAVE TO STOP IT.
FOR YOUR BENEFIT, WE'RE GOING TO
MAKE THE DEALS FOR THE AMERICAN 
PEOPLE.
THAT'S THE WAY IT IS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I LOVE THESE SIGNS.
THEY'RE THE MOST IMAGINATIVE 
SIGNS.
WE'RE GOING TO MAKE GREAT DEALS,
WE'RE GOING TO REBUILD OUR 
MILITARY.
NOBODY -- NOBODY IS GOING TO 
MESS WITH US.
BELIEVE ME, NOBODY.
WE ARE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF OUR
VETS!
WHERE IS AL?
WHERE IS AL?
WE LOVE AL!
ALL RIGHT, AL?
GET UP HERE IF YOU CAN.
WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF OUR 
VETS.
OUR VETS ARE TREATED HORRIBLY.
THEY'RE OUR GREATEST PEOPLE.
OUR VETS ARE GOING TO BE TAKEN 
CARE OF AND YOU REMEMBER THAT, 
EVERYBODY.
RIGHT?
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE STRONG, 
INCREDIBLE BORDERS AND PEOPLE 
ARE GOING TO COME INTO OUR 
COUNTRY BUT THEY'RE GOING TO 
COME IN LEGALLY.
LEGALLY.
WE'RE GOING TO BUILD A WALL.
IT'S GOING TO BE BUILT.
IT'S NOT EVEN BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
IT'S NOT EVEN A DIFFICULT THING 
TO DO.
AND, BY THE WAY, FOR THE PEOPLE 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE WHERE YOU HAVE 
A FLTREMENDOUS PROBLEM WITH HERN
AND DRUGS, THE FIRST THING THEY 
MENTION PLEASE DO SOMETHING 
BECAUSE THERE'S SO MUCH OF IT, 
IT'S SO CHEAP.
WE'RE GOING TO END IT.
WE'RE GOING TO END IT AT THE 
SOUTHERN BORDER.
IT'S GOING TO BE OVER.
AND WE'RE GOING TO WORK REALLY 
HARD TO GET THOSE PEOPLE THAT 
ARE SO ADDICTED OFF THE HABIT.
WE'RE GOING TO WORK LIKE HELL TO
TAKE CARE OF THE SITUATION.
IT'S A HUGE PROBLEM IN NEW 
HAMPSHIRE.
IT'S A HUGE PROBLEM ALL OVER OUR
COUNTRY.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE BORDERS 
GIVEN AND WE'RE GOING TO WORK 
WITH YOU PEOPLE TO HELP YOU 
SOLVE THAT VERY BIG PROBLEM AND 
WE'LL GET IT DONE.
[ CROWD CHANTING ]
>> THAT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
WHAT A GROUP OF PEOPLE.
AND ON TOP OF THIS GROUP, WE 
HAVE THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE OUTSIDE
THAT CAN'T EVEN GET IN.
THAT'S WHEN WE HAVE, THOUSANDS 
OF PEOPLE.
HEALTH CARE.
WE'RE GOING TO REPEAL AND 
REPLACE OBAMA CARE.
IT IS A TOTAL DISASTER.
WE'RE REPEALING AND REPLACING 
OBAMA CARE.
IT'S GONE.
WE'RE GETTING RID OF COMMON 
CORE.
WE'RE GOING TO EDUCATION OUR 
CHILDREN LOCALLY.
WE EDUCATE OUR CHILDREN LOCALLY.
WE ARE GOING TO PRESERVE OUR 
VERY SACRED SECOND AMENDMENT.
THERE'S NOT GOING TO BE ANY MORE
CHIPPING AWAY AT OUR SECOND 
AMENDMENT.
IF WE HAD PROTECTION IN 
CALIFORNIA RECENTLY AND SO MANY 
OTHER PLACE, YOU COULD EVEN LOOK
TO PARIS.
PARIS HAS THE TOUGHEST GUN LAWS 
IN THE WORLD.
FRANCE HAS THE TOUGHEST GUN LAWS
IN THE WORLD.
THESE ANIMALS GO IN, THEY START 
SHOOTING, ONE, TWO, THREE, 130 
PEOPLE WITH MANY PEOPLE HORRIBLY
WOUNDED, HORRIBLY WOUNDED RIGHT 
NOW IN THE HOSPITAL.
IF THERE WERE BULLETS GOING IN 
THE OTHER DIRECTION, BELIEVE ME,
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A WHOLE 
DIFFERENT STORY, FOLKS.
BUT NOBODY HAD PROTECTION.
I AM GOING TO BE THE GREATEST 
JOBS PRESIDENT THAT GOD EVER 
CREATED.
REMEMBER THAT.
DON'T BELIEVE THOSE PHONY 
NUMBERS WHEN YOU HEAR 4.9 AND 5%
UNEMPLOYMENT.
THE NUMBER'S PROBABLY 28, 29, AS
HIGH AS 35.
IN FACT, I EVEN HEARD RECENTLY 
42%.
DO YOU HAVE THINK -- IF WE HAD 
5% UNEMPLOYMENT, DO YOU REALLY 
THINK WEED HAVE THESE 
GATHERINGS?
FORGETTING ABOUT SECURITY, 
FORGETTING ABOUT ISIS, WHICH, BY
THE WAY WE'RE GOING TO KNOCK THE
HELL OUT OF ISIS.
WE'RE GOING TO KNOCK THE HELL 
OUT OF THEM.
AND IT'S GOING TO BE DONE THE 
RIGHT WAY.
SO WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF 
THE ECONOMY.
WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF 
JOBS, WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE 
OF ALL OF.
THINGS THAT I SAID, OUR BORDER, 
HEALTH CARE.
IT'S GOING TO BE SO GREAT.
REMEMBER THIS ABOUT OBAMA CARE.
PEOPLE ARE FORGETTING BUT NOW 
THEY'RE MISERABLE BECAUSE IT'S 
GOING UP 45%, 35%, 55%.
IT'S TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL.
PROBABLY SINKING OF ITS OWN 
VOLITION IN 2017, UNLESS THE 
REPUBLICANS GIVE IT ANOTHER -- I
MEAN, WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THE BUDGET.
THE LAST BUDGET THAT WAS 
APPROVED IS AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER
FOR EVERYBODY IN THIS COUNTRY.
WEEP OWE $19 TRILLION AS OF 
TODAY.
WEEP JUST CROSSED THE $19 
TRILLION MARK.
WE'RE GOING TO VERY SHORTLY BE 
AT $ 21 TRILLION BECAUSE OF THE 
BUDGET.
WE ARE GOING TO MAKE OUR COUNTRY
SO STRONG.
WE ARE GOING TO START WINNING 
AGAIN.
AS A COUNTRY WE DON'T WIN ON 
TRADE, WE DON'T WIN WITH THE 
MILITARY, WE CAN'T BEAT ISIS.
WE DOESN'T WIN WITH ANYTHING.
WE ARE GOING TO START WINNING 
AGAIN AND WE'RE GOING TO WIN SO 
MUCH, YOU ARE GOING TO BE SO 
HAPPY, WE ARE GOING TO MAKE 
AMERICA SO GREAT AGAIN, MAYBE 
GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE.
I LOVE YOU ALL.
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, NEW 
HAMPSHIRE.
THANK YOU.
WE ARE GOING NOW TO SOUTH 

we love you
Birmingham we love you
thank you very much everybody
and we're gonna have a lot of fun and
then get you out to those football games
have this many people I'm getting you
outta here I'm getting you out baby I'll
go watch one of them with you tell you I
love and you do have great teams you do
have great football players are great so
so a lot of things have happened over
the last week
lot of bad things actually we have a
president whose representatives very
poorly very very poorly
raptly actually we have a situation
where isis has raised its ugly head
again and we gotta chop off that had
like they're chopping off heads so
terrible you know I I did a lot of
tweeting equil donald Trump right at
real Donald Trump and I said you can
call it dumps they've got IQs at a low
believe me you can call the leader of
the dogs a mastermind can't do it I've
been watching for a week and now I will
tell you I really was it big when I said
the same thing and another speech
recently got a lot of play
you know they've taken the internet and
using it better than our country and
certainly our politicians and our
executives are using it better than
anybody and I were you
separable in all fairness this
acceptable and you have these kids
coming home and they say mom and dad did
you see the mastermind to mister major
more on that here by the way is also
dead which is great
and I told us they don't call Ms you're
building your building up their image
you know we have a president that
doesn't know anything about what we're
talking about he doesn't know in Iraq he
calls to head to supreme leader yes the
supreme leader I promise you I will
never called him the supreme leader
Colin Hay you hey how you doing are you
doing everything good case where we're
going to renegotiate your deal we're
gonna make it much better going to
renegotiate that sucker piggly and you
can you give us back those prisoners
before I take office ok gonna give us
give it give them back how about that
here we have carried who doesn't have a
clue week in effective baggage to make a
deal and we had all the cards we had a
hundred and fifty billion dollars to
negotiate with and what happens what
happens he is a loser just said he's
illusion that such a descriptive term
and some of the president user too much
for you know went to an Ivy League
college I know a lot of words but I'm a
loser is so nice to say good work
not only in describing certain crippled
that's a lot of people a lot of you but
you look a hundred and fifty billion
dollars going to a terrorist nation they
got everything they wanted about the
self inspection they self inspect about
that one
when they don't jump inspect we have 24
hours meaning they get 24 hours that
shoots into 24 days but the twenty-four
hours could go on forever before we get
the approval to start the clock ticking
for the 24 days but even if it did
twenty four days we think you doing
something wrong
oh ok comeback in 24 days was by that
time I have it
room clean I used to clean garages for
my father and I always used to say clean
and my father was said to me son I want
that garage in mint condition used to
use the term mint condition just a term
used immaculate not like what we do
nowadays things aren't so immaculate
thank you I don't know I think he said
something thank you but what happens
what we need what we need is we need
leadership so badly we can be so great
again
well left that where Scott that we're
rob was clear on what we're up you look
at the original you look at the
prisoners so you say why don't we have a
back and they said because we didn't
want to complicate the deal you believe
it so we have four men over there right
now in the worst of the worst I met one
of them a Christian pastor
his life twice so lovely cannot
understand nobody is fictional but he
calls a nobody talks about the
negotiation and that should have been
done early did you ever see a deal to
make sure we're giving them all of this
money that people are still pouring in
Europe so lucky to be in here by the way
look at
people a lot of people outside by the
way if you want we can wait about an
hour and everybody if you want to do
that to be angry they'll be pouring in
and by the time the last one gets in
I'll be saying goodbye make America
great again goodbye darling of the
people but that deal there and it took
so long to do one of the big magazines
call me up and said tell me how long
should have taken a shit day maybe of
you doing poorly two days to give it a
week we've been negotiating this thing
for years so here's my man over there
look at that book called that book I
dropped the art of the deal he read it
you shouldn't negotiated for us get me
that book of luck W that book bring up
took over here bring that book over here
bring it over here let me that book I'll
sign it I mean any guide that much
we should send a copy to Obama and to
carry believable health science books
during his speech with me is just racing
again about books go out and get
crippled american believe it or not
doing great but I think really like the
art of the deal was the hardest I have
worked on a book that I had a lot of
bestsellers right after that but it
didn't work so hard this is the second
largest I've ever worked in a book there
it is the second hardest and it talks
about america i mean it talks about the
problems of our country but it also
talks about how to fix the problems you
know like critics I never liked even
movie critics theater critics they
complain but they can't do it themselves
you know I don't like people that
complain so we talk about fixing our
country towards thank you fellows it's
very nice noticed group from Alabama I
mean
the guys up there hi mr Tumble you sign
the book I'm making this feature but the
answer is yes that's what happens when
you're aggressive he's an aggressive
guys are you looking for a job I'll give
you a show the iran deal took so long we
didn't get anything we lost every point
went on forever
during intermissions they'd be
celebrating in the streets of the
negotiators and as Obama would say the
supreme leader would stand up at the
podium and essentially say that the
United States has really really really
stupid leaders you know if I would doing
a deal and somebody said the kind of
things that they said and all of us
because sadly we're into the category of
been there representing us I would never
go back to the table now in the case of
the prisons they should we want the
prisoners released from now three years
ago
release them now you don't need him you
don't want to give people don't even
know you have them released the
prisoners now it'll be good for the deal
it'll set a good really good tone
released him now we want to do that and
I'll say bye bye and I'll leave the room
I'll then double up or triple up the
sanctions I guarantee you within 48
hours they will call and they will say
we are going to release the prisoners
but we're not doing it because of its
threat to you know that a yes ok we're
not doing it because of the threat but
we will release the prisoners and I'll
say thank you very much now we start
negotiating then I'd say listen one
thing you're not going to get is we're
not gonna give you a hundred and fifty
billion dollars without giving too much
money too much money so much you know
they're supplying many of the weapons
being used against our young men and
women over there you know that the road
bombs many of the weapons that are being
used are supplied by a ring that was
when they were poor now they're rich as
hell how stupid can we be as stupid can
we be and that's just a look that's just
one of many ok so here's the story I've
been coming out and I've been talking
for much and I hate to say I'm a
politician you believe it I have very
little respect for some fun but I have
almost no respect come down the
politician and numbers just came out
flat do we have any politicians in the
room raise your hand
yeah there are some of the back
excluding them they're fantastic leaders
I don't know
I'm excluding them there anybody in the
room that's a politician I think you're
fantastic but outside of this room they
don't have it folks they don't they
don't have so I've been doing this since
June and the pundits all said he'll
never run and then I read then they said
they get paid money to some of these
guys got a half a million dollars if you
watch on the various networks cable and
other was the room what with me that
been wrong all the time I'm driving them
nuts they don't know what to do they
don't know what to do not know they
don't want you I am driving them bunkers
guys like george will I swear you know
he looks like because he has a little
glasses if you take the glasses away
from him he's a dummy he needs those
last there's little spectacles United
seen that before
who else use glasses Peri Peri use
glasses they always have to me everyone
but but these pendants show they said
he'll never run with such sure you know
there was some sure he'll never filed
for May that's what you sign your life
away it's only one page he'll never fun
for me I filed for me now they said we
got problems then they said well we'll
never filed a private company nobody
knew how well I was doing it you know
they said he won't fight for their just
maybe he's not as richest people so what
happened it turned out almost a hundred
pages of the biggest one after me was
like three forever I'm not talking about
not talking about it almost a hundred
pages so they said he'll never file and
he does file you know you're entitled to
massive delays you can delay it forever
so that nobody gets to see you request
to delay so he does file he requested
the delay and delay will take forever
will never get the season jones and I
said so not only did I not ask 30 days
and you can have 45 days another 45 days
then you can request special I couldn't
take that long after the election the
election but they said so not only
didn't I S four delays I filed and
opened it up early early less than 30
and I had a team of lawyers and
accountants you wouldn't believe and we
filed this message of state and it
showed that a much bigger much richer
much too much anomaly by the way the
reason I'm saying this because they only
show that but then I'm going to show
what I'm gonna say much bigger much
stronger much richer the company's
phenomena some of the great assets of
the world Manhattan the rally in Miami
hundreds of acres Turnberry Scotland one
of the great places in the world
home of the Open Championship one of the
most important Gulf term you know
tremendous cash very low debt and my
state
gonna file it anyway people don't know
you know these guys said he'll never
file babies not as it turned out much
richer much much by two three times what
they thought and even a better company
now they should we have a problem with
the reason I tell you the last part is
because that's the kind of thinking
that's the kind of mentality whether we
like it what's in there or not that's
the kind of thinking and mentality that
we need in our country we need their I
didn't want to do this you have a nice
life I live nice we have a wonderful
family did anybody see barbara walters
last night owl night owl not sure she
barbara walters did a big special one
hour special last night on my family and
myself and it was really nice so it was
really it was really know they do it
because it's good to get good ratings I
have to tell you they don't do it for my
health but she was graded she's alleged
she's probably the greatest in the
history of television greatest female
greatest woman and in my opinion in the
history of television so she called she
said would like to do it
profile a one hour profile so those of
you that did get I don't know how to
help you see it's already over right but
you'll see it'll be around but it was
great I think it was really very
successful so what happens so what
happens is we really need that ability
because we have to take our country back
we have to bring our jobs back we have
to bring train
we have to repeal Obamacare we have to
replace we have we have we have to have
to build and we well I don't be afraid
it will be a great
we have to rebuild infrastructure our
roads our bridges 69% of them a
dangerous can you believe you drive it
over a bridge
innocently driver that collapsing you
know in China they built bridges that
make the George Washington Bridge look
like peanuts have built in little over
the place they believe the peanuts we
don't do this anymore we don't do
anything with building a bridge in the
San Francisco Bay you know who's
building at the Chinese are building a
bridge for us
costs over a massive they don't know
what to do and this is what's happened
so we're bringing our country back so
what's happening is until the attack in
Paris I was doing great I was talking
about trade because we're being ripped
by China Japan everybody and you've all
heard that you know ford is going there
you know nabisco's leaving Chicago
moving that big factories moving that
plant where they make the areas that I
will never eat again I'll never see them
again I'm not eating them anymore which
is good for a lot of reasons but I'm not
eating or if no other areas go is moving
their big plant out of Chicago and into
Mexico how is that good for us it's that
good for us folks I went to the best
school have dragged you don't have to go
to the best you have to go to high
school to know it's not good it's not
good for us and too many things so I be
talking about trade I love talking about
trade I will be the greatest jobs
president that God ever created that I
could
the best and every poll CNN the one with
the cameras all over the place look at
all those cameras back to believe you
know these other guys they come up with
their biggest each first of all instead
of having 10,000 people that have like
40 or 50 on a football day they might
have none but that have very few they
would have none of these guys back there
look at all those guys highly-paid
highly-paid I think 25% of a good people
would look at all but
happen when they make a speech nobody
was around the same thing over and over
and over and over and nobody cares about
a different group of 3,200 people I made
a speech in new hampshire recently I had
4,500 people only determined by the size
of the room I had 4,500 people jet bush
jeb bush down the road yet a hundred and
twenty-one people and you know what my
audience was energized and his audience
was like one sominex his audience was
sleeping
we're doing great it's a it's a message
but here's what I've been focused on
I've been focused on trade because i
dont wanna be somebody we have somebody
from time magazine media cover recently
now they hear again so I assume they're
considering me fun man of the year but a
few people I don't know I don't know I
say there's no way they give it to me
they can't because mentally they can't
they just they can't do it even if I
deserve it they can't do it you know
when I had the apprentice it was the
show that first season second season and
everybody should trump is gonna get the
NME
its easy he's gonna get the Emmy for the
apprentice and by the way their renewed
for two more years than I said I'm sorry
I'm not doing I love the apprentice but
I can't do it but everybody said I was
getting the apprentice and we went to
the Emmy Awards my wife and I and they
should ladies and gentlemen the next
distort reality television it's been a
spectacular show he's a spectacular host
it's been an amazing year and I stood up
and started walking there was nobody
even close and they said the winner
but that's the one thing that could have
been having the biggest crowds by far
bernie's crowd's attention big-league
nobody cares Bernie Sanders getting he
was second I was by far 1400 in Mobile
Alabama I mean we have a lot of people
but it really at 35,000 people but in
all fairness we didn't have football
games all over the place but Bernie
Sanders he blew it
during the first debate he looked at
hillary and he said the emails it's
wonderful it's fine so he got it twenty
second sound bite he got some applause
and guess what he's gone and now it's a
whole different thing honestly even as a
candidate should be so easy to beach is
going to be easy to be but I'll tell you
his number one she doesn't have the
strength and she doesn't have the
stamina and we need a president with
unbelievable strength and stamina and
how does not happen she doesn't have his
strength or this down and Bernie Sanders
he's all over his upper add about the
other guy O'Malley his credentials he's
the mayor of Baltimore ok he did a great
job in Baltimore that it became the
governor he was a third-rate governor
but he was the mayor of Baltimore now
I'm gonna decide to run for president
while we have these are professional
politicians all good is running for
office it's all good
they run they win they lose they run
they just run that's all they do I'm
against it right now and I have to tell
you some of the people that are running
against I like and respect some of my
like and respect some of them should not
be there some of them should not be
there
you want to know who I don't wanna do I
want to be nice I said to myself I'm
going to be nice to you know I said I
told a lot of the people back said
dammit some of the really great people
backstage with a cat pictures have a lot
of fun I said I'm going to be nice today
I'm not I said it I said it I am NOT
going to call Jeff Bush low energy I'm
not going to repeat it I'm not a
lightweight I said I'm not doing it I
will not do I said that I will not say
that ben Carson last week was a bad week
because his top person and his top
consultant said he's incapable of
learning about foreign policy that's a
bad thing and I won't say that he said
in his book that he suffers from
pathological disease i said im not gonna
say it I'm not saying and I'm not saying
that he won after his mother and wanted
to hit her over the head with a hammer
who does and that he tried to stab
somebody but the belt the belt got in
the way and I fell to the ground broken
and that his friend in the face with a
padlock so I'm not saying any of those
things about any of those people is that
ok all right I mean explain what are we
doing so in the polls in the polls I got
five part number one leadership by far
by far one of the economy it was so
leadership in the economy was so off the
chart like well CNN did it and there are
other people CNN's back there is that
right CNN I got these cameras if I'm
telling a lot I got problems you'll be
reading about it tomorrow so I killed
them on leadership I killed them on the
economy
killed them on the military and who's
going to protect from Isis
be so good for you I'm gonna make our
military is so powerful so strong so
strong I'm gonna make it so incredibly
powerful and strong that will never have
to use it nobody's gonna mess with us
folks that toy with us you know how to
keep her out the door that would be so
powerful you know how cheap that is we
have a president that we have general
Central Television general I'd like to
ask how we doing with not good if
they're very very tough enemy not well
general chat with me down I don't know
let me tell you my generals are gonna
kick ass then I'm going on television
you know I'm a big fan
General George Patton
now he was a horrible human being he was
terrible language he had a lot of
problems but he was one hell of a
general that's what I want I don't want
this stuff anymore I don't wanna I'm a
big fan also of general douglas there
right
very opposite he was a man with
tremendous style the corncob pipe the
hi-hat the whole thing to get out of the
plane like the enemy was like to him
they were like garbage out of my way
because he had a tremendous you go we
don't have that it we have we have said
lightweight people we have a bunch of
light which we have people that
shouldn't be doing this we have people
that shouldn't be leading us we are
people and you know what
in our services I will find the general
I will find the guys we have we have
generally got the we have general patton
you gotta know how to figure people we
put people because we had one general
who is really tough I won't say his name
but he got fired because he was very
very nice that he wasn't politically
correct and everybody said he was up as
general and they use foul language all
the time and he got fired because they
interviewed him and he was cursing all
over the magazine bring back we might
bring back is very good but that's what
we want its like again I can be more
politically correct than anybody that
lives on fifth avenue or park avenue you
much of which I built by the way you
look I have a better education than
almost all of these people you know I
actually the other day I think her name
is cokie roberts what a likely she was
on Morning Joe morning joe is saying how
well Trump is doing in the polls oppose
what we're doing and then I'm saying to
myself you know they talked about these
people as intellectuals I'm much more of
an intellectual a much smarter than them
I mean other people that are running our
and I went to better schools generally I
want the best schools i went to I did
well but I'm sure I have in my opinion a
much higher up tattoo but then I say I
hear that will you know the intellectual
elite of washington did not even smart
people most of them not even sports
people
and the reason I don't believe too much
in political correctness because it
takes too long we don't have time to be
politically correct we gotta kick ass
and get our country going to have to do
so and we're doing well so last night
late great poll camel riders Reuters
they don't know me they usually write
bad stuff about me they don't even like
the right so you know waiters alright
then they love to repair the good stuff
and they say I said what about that
story to write one group Associated
Press guy calls we're doing a story on
the US and the story is gonna be the
right you were doing a negative service
actually there were four deals that
weren't great but I made a lot of money
with them that's not being so what about
the good deals you know where another
job I made hundreds and I 500 companies
I made hundreds and hundreds of good
deals
hundreds even time magazine is on the
cover about the girl and they put some
why do you do that why don't you put the
good deals don't want to do this I don't
know why I actually think it sells
better she make hundreds of good deals
you've built up a tremendous net worth
tremendous they want to read about a
couple of deals that weren't so good
that I was really tough and I beat the
banks they have headaches and you know
what that's what we want I think and by
the way just so you understand these
factors are like you know you think of
the banker controlling that the little
old woman's money that way these are
vicious sometimes
terrible people so you gotta win so
what's happened just Reuters last night
comes out with a pole drunk
38.8 Carson honestly he's dropping like
a rock I do we have any Carson fans here
because he's dropping like a rock
14 points out so I'm 38.8 now remember
that's 38.8 where 15 people so how do
you have 38.8 percentage carson's at
14.7 Rubio is that can and cruises at
seven so we're winning we're winning big
in a place called Alabama Florida just
came out
dropped 37 they're sitting senator 16
and Carson sixth inning all over the
country
well winning in Ohio against case it is
totally overrated by the way we're
winning all of somebody over there
you know you have one guy over there
shouting we have thousands of people and
you'll read about him tomorrow they'll
say the room with had a ticket to hell
out of here with you please no matter
what we had at the other day I got
criticized we had it the other night I
had a lot of people and one guy who was
seriously obese he complained when I
mention that food stamps we have a lot
of people on food stamps and the guy
went crazy and they said that was a
politically correct errors we all have a
way you can get them out about the hell
outta here
here yet out no matter here did you see
Bernie Sanders said he was politically
correct to young women came up to the
podium they took over his microphone I
promise you that's not going to happen
with me I promise never gonna happen not
going to happen
can't let that stuff happens so what's
happened that is I've been talking about
trade up and talking about all of the
different things much of what you've
hurt and then a week ago we had a
horrible incident in Paris and you know
what my home
speech change and now it's about
security it's about borders it's about
protection it's about a lot of things
I'll take care I'll take care of dread I
can do that out of my back pocket I'll
take care Drake china will not be taken
advantage of us any longer
Japan will not be taken advantage we
have a four hundred billion dollar trade
imbalance each year with china not gonna
happen but what has happened is the
conversation has change of people in our
very much involved with Isis and
al-qaida and all of the things that were
going through with it and do things that
are very smart and we what happened
really people should I wonder will this
affect your number one they thought
maybe this would affect things and you
know what it has affected me we've gone
way up we've gotten way up
because people know that I'm going to
protect them I'm gonna protect him at
the borders I'll walk the people from
Syria coming in because we don't know
who they are we don't know and I don't
wanna be coming in we are in a position
now where when we completed our country
is going to be greater than it's ever
been
we have to move quickly we have to move
quickly we can't afford to lose another
election we can't afford week I think
I'm a very nice person I think a lot of
people think that people that know me
think I do I pride myself on it but this
time it's not about nice this is about
real real competition cuz we have to
bring our country back we have to bring
in the new york times they had a report
on the front page it was false
really false that was today how you want
to see something funny look at those
cameras turned around there following
the few people that are being thrown out
that would his
now what's this look at those
bloodsuckers back there they're turned
around and they're following the people
right because you have a small group of
people that made some noise it being
thrown out on their ass right now is
look at those cameras and yet whenever i
speak when we have crowd like this all
over the place
much bigger than this you know what
confined to fight the fire got your fire
guy said we can't have any more people
in the room it wasn't designed for this
many people so we have crowds and my
wife calm and I say how was everything
because it's on CNN it's on so many
different places it's gone away right
now entering its all of Fox everything
so I say did you see the crowd sure what
you mean no no they never show the crowd
they always have a fixture in your face
it's always fixed and they don't want to
show the cut because dishonest people
now they're dishonest people the media
is so dishonest
like this story on the front page of the
New York Times today front page I love
being on the front page and I'm from New
York New York Times front page but it's
a full story and Breitbart wrote it
correctly and now the time just
suffering but they write for stuff and
that had to do with whether or not we
register people ok and I want those
people coming in from Syria that Obama
wants to let in that people are fighting
but the republicans so far have been
very effective with a fighting we
finally when the senate we have the
house nothing happens it's always the
same we don't have two victories we
don't have the victory so what happens
is the rightful stories and in this case
they got called out by a lot of people
because you know you can only go so much
ok but these guys tell me no no we have
to have it fixed because sometimes also
in oklahoma we had twenty thousand
people recently in a field it was
supposed to be at a hotel then the
convention center we had to go to a
field because it was so many people we
had twenty thousand people in oklahoma
good football place pretty tough
football place so what happens I said
the place they refused to throw the
cameras stationed I said they would his
to every one of them they refused to fit
everyone and now I'm looking and there's
a few people that were shouting that got
thrown out of here and I see all the
cameras are turned so they can turn the
cameras
these are just lying people that bad new
book the pressure's really bad
the cameras over here fellas fan the
camera shows they don't do it they don't
go they don't do it they have very
dishonest people they tell you you don't
know they don't do it you're watching
television you wouldn't know if there
were people in this room are 10,000
people in this room they do it in the
room fell let's go ahead and the room
look I don't do it they don't do it
because they're really dishonest people
now 20 minutes ago those cameras were
turned all the way to the back of the
room where the other people belong there
were terrible people there in the back
and defending and they're showing its
disgusting be ashamed of yourselves
Hellas so now now what happened
yesterday some little wise guys he
looked like he was 12 years old got a
camera I'm signing autographs and I'm
going like this question
talking about the wall to wall built
this would end up signing autographs and
there's music playing in the background
and I'm leaving being being being
signing and Israel wise guy sitting
there and he's asking the questions I'm
it's not even important that I should
who you with you shouldn't be she wants
you said that I didn't bother answering
anymore cuz I know although they did you
mean saturday night live in there was
good how about the other guys about the
other guys they now want equal time ok
like like pataki not gonna help he's got
zero they could give him
12 Saturday Night Live's on our behalf
but not gonna have any effect will still
have zero but that's what they want so
the database but they also said the
world and I said the wall and I was
referring to the world but databases ok
and watch list is ok and sure villages
ok if you don't mind I wanna be I want
to surveil I want surveillance of these
people that are coming in the Trojan
horse I wanna know who the hell they are
and the biggest story yesterday the
biggest was trucked wants database
certainly what's happening here and I
spoke to the reporter the times and I
think I did it and i also said number
one you couldn't hear very well because
it's like walking over here you know
being but regardless of that doesn't
matter what I do want database for those
people coming in but I also insist on
the wall and it was all fun so his
district just to set it clear I want
surveillance of these people I want
surveillance if we have to
and I don't care I want are you ready
for this folks are you ready
DL gonna make it so big he said
something so politically incorrect
that's why we're going to hell because
we're so politically incorrect
such a big deal I want surveillance of
certain box so can if that's ok I want
surveillance and you know what we've had
it before it will happen again
hey i watch when the world trade center
came tumbling down and i watch in Jersey
City New Jersey we have thousands and
thousands of people were cheering as
that building was coming down thousands
of people were cheering so something's
going on we gotta find out what it is I
do want your village I will absolutely
take data based on the people coming in
from Syria if we can't stop it but we're
going to win I've made it known if I win
they're going back we can happen then
going back we can have happened and you
see it very clearly a few nut jobs in
Paris ok a few total not low-lifes the
guy with the dirty hat they say they got
him I hope they got him
he's wearing a filthy dirty hat that was
the one they were calling for five days
the mastermind mastermind mastermind is
a low life but they got him but there's
others out there we have to get up and
we have to use surveillance wait we have
to use surveillance we have to be
vigilant and you know the greatest thing
is everybody in this room everybody
outside of this room we have tremendous
eyes and ears when somebody's next you
in a house or an apartment
good to see the something going wrong
inform your local police their
incredible people to police their
incredible people they're incredible
people you don't have to call washington
when you're trying to figure out who the
hell do I call I just met a lot of your
police right now when I came off the
plane these are incredible top cookies
they want to do a great job get them
back their power and you're going to see
a lot of good things happen and sure
about the way you're always gonna have a
bad incident at a bad up when you have
that in any business no matter what you
gonna happen but we need vigilance when
you see something going on at the next
house at the next apartment when you see
certain people walking in and out all
day scouring things inform your local
police whether it's Birmingham
or wherever it might be they will take
over they know what to do them call
washington they'll get the guys those
guys don't have a chance but the eyes
and ears we have millions and millions
and millions of eyes and ears you can
solve the problem is nobody like the
people there's nobody like the people so
we are going to have a village we are
going to have the most interesting thing
that happened is all of the talk about
it because that was the other thing in
the polls that Trump is by far by far
the best on border security so that's
why when Paris happened the attack in
Paris that's why I went up because
people said he's the only one that says
it like it is so I went up and believe
me you're going to be really secure
to be more secure than even you know and
you offense ok you're gonna be secure
we're not playing games we're not
playing we will not be playing when I
brought up illegal immigration it was
like like a bomb nobody was talking
about this subject I brought it up and
rush limbaugh good guy he said nobody
should die right good guy good guy
really a fair guy and he says the true
maybe that's because he likes me but
Rush said nobody has ever taken incoming
nobody like Donald Trump and for two
weeks I did believe I said it's just
gonna be I can't do this the six seven
months but then it died down because
people started seeing I was right and
then I became the darling
and then you had a lot of bad things
happen you had Kate in San Francisco get
shot in the back by a guy that came over
five times probably pushed over get out
of here we don't want to take care of
you let the dummies from the United
States take care of you and he shot
beautiful Kate from San Francisco in the
back holding her father's hands looking
out onto the water and she dropped the
father and the family will never be the
same great family and then you had
Jameel whose son is so great senior and
junior and the fathers the apple of the
fathers right great football player
getting ready to go to college was gonna
go on a scholarship never had a trouble
in his life
walking home from the deli where he
bought himself and his father a sandwich
called his father said pop I'll be home
in 34 minutes and then the father heard
a gunshot outside her door from the
house and he knew immediately there was
a problem and he ran out of his son was
laying on the street almost dead with
bullet holes in his head with his hand
blown off course he was lying down going
like this in his hands were blown off it
was a 45 and then you have three four
weeks ago you had the woman a veteran 66
year old veteran raped sodomized and
killed by an illegal immigrant raped
sodomized and kill 66 years old and so
many more people should then you have
the drug problem our cities are infested
with drugs our youth is going you should
see New Hampshire has a heroin problem
the likes of which nobody can even
understand it's coming from an area that
we can step because it's destroying our
cities it's destroying most important is
destroying our youth is destroying our
future and we're gonna stop it stop
we're gonna stop all of the other things
that I usually talk about is now there
are very important
don't get me wrong Obamacare we mention
trade we mention all of these things are
all very important jobs jobs we
mentioned I'm gonna create so many jobs
we mention but let me just tell you but
what we're going to do is we're going to
be vigilant at our borders and we're not
letting people come into our country
unless they come in legally they've got
a commonly they gonna come in legally or
they're not coming in at all and we're
not gonna be this stupid sending more
with the stupid when known as the stupid
it's with the anchor babies a person has
she walks across a line she has the baby
in the united states now we have the
baby 14th amendment except for one thing
they didn't read the Fourteenth
Amendment right because it doesn't say
that it doesn't say that it doesn't say
that and for years I've been hearing it
but for years I've been building
buildings he created jobs I've created
tens of thousands of jobs I've been
doing jobs so I never really gave it
that much thought but now that I'm doing
this I want to make our country so great
now that I'm doing this I said it can't
be right now if somebody has a baby in
Mexico they were ok but if they did and
you should like a dog and by the way
that show with almost every country but
here you have a baby and now we have to
take care of that person for eighty-five
years or however long that but it
doesn't read that way then they said all
you need a constitutional amendment
which will take you
years and years you don't need you need
a simple act of Congress and in my
opinion you don't even need that because
if they come in illegally they're not
supposed to be having a baby here so I
don't even think and we're talking about
hundreds of thousands of people so
here's what we're gonna do if I win a
lot of good things are going to happen
first of all we're gonna win so much
we're gonna win we're going to win so I
sometimes I like these people much
better he says when we win we are going
to have so much victory and a joke about
it you can have wins and wins and wins
you gonna get sick of what I can't joke
because you never get sick right your
football teams if your football team
goes undefeated every year and every
year you never get tired of it but we're
gonna have great victories again we
don't want any more as a country we
don't win we lost on everything we lose
with ice as well as with everything when
we lose with health care
have you seen the premiums on Obamacare
up 35 45 55 percent it's a disaster and
now they're saying it's a disaster and
now they're saying we have to go back to
congress because in seventeen it all
exploded whoever's gonna be president is
not going to be easy but I'll solve the
problem
but it's not working and I give you my i
wouldn't work so hard I'm self funding
this campaign I'm the only one on the
online I'm the only one I don't know
that's a big deal to lot of people but I
could have I could have fun you know
these super PACs are a total scam the
super PACs have all this money they'll
do negative ads and me all over the
place a lot of will be false it's also
but by the time I end up winning what
happens is it's too late the election's
over so what do I get the super PACs are
a scam they have total control over the
candidates they do whatever the person
that puts the money up once if a man
owns a company in China and he gives
money to a super PAC Jeb Bush was over
as an example wanna keep using his name
but he's so he's so easy to sell his jet
which was over in germany as people are
over in germany trying to quell a German
company has gotten a big approval from
United States cut that's what happened
folks I know the obvious they've worked
for me nobody knows the game better than
I do I don't want anything I work for
you I work for you I worked I don't
wanna
I don't want it we're going to do what's
right for the country we're not gonna
let mexico take our car purposes which
by the way they're going to become the
car capital of the world pretty soon
Ford is building a massive plant there
others are building massive plant we
don't even vote we don't even fight you
have corporate inversions which by the
way the other candidates don't even know
what it is but essentially companies are
leaving the United States and going to
other lands to other countries and
they're dropping thousands and tens of
thousands of jobs and now it's starting
to get that and under my tax plan when
cutting everybody's taxes big-league big
lake and we're cutting corporate taxes
with the highest tax nation in the world
under my plan will be one of the lowest
and we're going to be a dynamic economy
again we're gonna be dynamic and we're
gonna bring back those trillions of
dollars trillions of dollars trillions
that companies can't get that they can't
get it back they can't get it back
because the politicians they all agreed
to come back but they can't make a deal
because there's gridlock in Washington
so we gonna bring it back and that money
is going to be put to work here and
we're gonna do think so what you're
seeing in front of my call me up he said
some believable what's happening what
you're seeing is a movement this isn't
about me what you're seeing is a
movement no matter where I go to same
thing it's the same love is like love in
the room is love in the room with other
people's love in the room and the
American Dream and I said the American
dream is dead but we're gonna make it
bigger and better and stronger than ever
before and we are going to make America
great again thank you I love you
thank you thank you thank you everybody
I love you gonna get it done

for me and I felt much better but they
were all waiting and it's going great
how are you doing great here and we're
doing great annihilating now in the
polls in Iowa everybody's a great trip
but we set the record on the group's I i
love you too darling who said that stand
up I love you I love you thank you and I
love that book you know I want to thank
Joe Dugan who has been fantastic he is a
good guy really good guy puts his heart
and his soul into this and nothing's
easy in life I can tell you but Jones
been doing it for a long time so he's a
very special guy we have a couple of
things to discuss you the beautiful
thing is that I don't use teleprompters
because I speak from the heart right in
and and ahead but the heart perhaps I go
the head first and then the hard cuz
maybe that's more important nowadays
when you look at what's happening to the
country but I like to be able to talk
about current events and when you read
the speeches you know a lot of the guys
get up and they read a speech bob up
they leave in 15 minutes
everybody goes what happened that's all
there is you know like the song is that
all there is so we don't read the
speeches in we don't do the teleprompter
thing but a couple of things we talked
about the debate because it was a great
experience it's been a great experience
for me has been for me for me has been a
great experience and I did I guess they
do who said their stand up
as rain as well we've had some
interesting debates in an interesting
time and it is different job bridges I
built a great business but it's been
job-producing and employ currently
thousands of people and over the years
tens of thousands of people many
hispanics and I say we gonna do
fantastically with Hispanics I think
we're gonna do incredibly with the
african-americans where I pulled her
well and somebody said there was a poll
that came out at twenty or twenty-five
percent 25% and they said have trumped
gets 25% of the african-american vote
the election's over you win I mean you
win but we do program and we both just
pulling a me no matter where I have a
list of not getting over it very much in
this group is a very intimate friendly
group of friends but and normally I love
to go to the polls because I'm number
one in every poll virtually and I love I
love to go but I'm not gonna bother
other than to say new hampshire through
the roof
going all over we are not playing games
we're not gonna do what they did the
last time if you remember the last time
we should have beaten Barack Obama
should have beat them something happened
something happened and I'm not blaming
Romney but you gotta work last month
that last month was important than
whether you like Obama and not every
time you turned on television he was on
Jay Leno and Letterman and all these and
our representative wasn't and we gotta
work and we have to work hard and with a
win this thing because having four more
years of Barack Obama but I think
perhaps worse depending on what happens
with her and her now maybe these guys
will look at all those cameras back
there well that's very impressive that
is very very impressive I thought this
is going to be just a little quick
stopover with my friends from the Tea
Party and Jerry and Joe all my look at
that group of people I guarantee you
they weren't here for the other groups I
guarantee I and i know you know it's
always tough when they come in every
speech made in the last two or three
months has been alive television right
they can have a speech which isn't
allowed television no no good I like it
I would love to do one or two before
this campaign actually that's not good
because that means things are not going
well if they stopped turning on those
televisions that means they so will
continue to go live ok but it it really
has been an interesting period of time
for me because I've been a businessman
and I negotiator and a job real estate
person that a lot of different deals but
mostly and I had a great time I love the
real estate business all over the world
doing deals all over the world were
doing a deal right on pennsylvania
avenue a big hotel that's going to be
spectacular right by the white house
it's sort of interesting is one way the
other I'm getting to Pennsylvania
be here or I'll be here that so much
difference so it's one way at any time
interesting it's the post office and
everybody so many companies wanted it's
one of the most sought-after projects in
the history of the general services
administration and it's an incredible
building the old post office and we we
got it which is amazing we got it in the
Obama administration can you believe how
can you believe it I was even surprised
I said you know I think we had the best
plan they wanted to make sure everybody
was very strong financially because they
want to get it done it's very important
economic and economic development and we
put our plan and others but you know
great companies many many companies in
great company is the biggest hotel
companies in the world and we were given
in about two years ago we started
construction and we're about a year
ahead of can you imagine that a year
ahead of schedule under budget and ahead
of schedule which is what the country
has to do is really what do you think
about the country so we're under budget
substantially and and I will tell you
under budget and yet we're building even
beyond because it's so good we're gonna
make that we think it's going to be
probably maybe the finest hotel in the
United States were going beyond that but
it's going to be one of the finest
hotels in the United States I have one
of them right now in chicago is
considered one of the great Hotels of
the World I think this is going to be
something i wanna see copied you don't
see top your own stuff but this is
something that the beauty is that when
you hear those words ahead of schedule
and under budget and I think that's so
important because I mean I see these
projects and I read about the projects
are in about one the other day where you
know the building an airplane and it's
it's five times over budget and its
years in years late sometimes decades
and by the time they get it it's
obsolete in there spent you know
billions and billions of dollars and you
look at what they do with these
submarines in the nuclear submarines and
all of the tremendous cost overruns that
they have and I just got a building
what the hell you doing and you gotta
get it done with the contractors and
there's so many soon as I can tell you
about government I mean a little ones
just quickly as the woman eight years
and the city couldn't get the ice
skating rink open in central park and I
got involved is when I was young but
there's nothing different i mean there's
no difference I just did one recently
which is almost the same thing entry
point they couldn't get his big golf
course project open hand has been under
construction they think for thirty years
it was a landfill and they don't even
know when it started a long time ago and
it would have I think it would have gone
on for many many more years and I got it
done in a year it's open now just got
the best best new course in the United
States and one of the big magazines and
is doing great but it is not that big I
mean although they I tell you something
world's most expensive government spent
over 200 million dollars maybe seven you
know but they spent over 200 million
dollars to build I think it's much more
than that nobody even knows who they
know they have no idea you know when you
say you to know the money and here we're
talking about local government can you
imagine what the federal government is
wasting and when you see the kind of
waste fraud corruption it's incredible
with a woman drinks ahead and ice
skating rink and have a daughter Ivanka
who everybody knows she's a little bit
oh yeah and she said to me daddy I'd
like to go next year to learn about it
would look down in the ring and that she
should come let daddy and its it maybe
it's really and then finally after about
three four user asking me it's a nice
simple but it's a nice ring as massive
as one of the biggest in and to this day
been running ever since but it does
great but I said about four years of
risk and I said and I went down and I
look until hundreds massive piece of
concrete you know probably six seven
eight times the size of this room and i
said
workers in the raw sitting there and has
been going on for years and years and
years and I went to the mayor of New
York City with the time was a mean
forget about her but the whole city they
can was like on the front page of the
papers again get a nice getting so it
was that easy with him believe me
because he didn't want to be stood up it
was a very paranoid guy that I can tell
you
and finally went to the newspapers I
said I want to build it I want to get it
open I get it open for months now I
can't do it for two million dollars I
will pay for the course myself and they
had spent probably you know they don't
say there's another universe find out
with these I think there's been over 20
million dollars and I said I spent and
most of the money that has been spent a
lot of loose demolition began to tear
down everything anyway finally he agreed
to let me do it I took it over and the
ice was melting ice and the slab was
poured in other words it's gonna be
level so the water is in ICU create one
part the water was like a foot and a
half high the other plotters down here
so they could make the water and I
should be so in a rip out the entire
slip and then I saw the man who was the
freezing man I said where is your office
located in Miami Beach Miami Beach he
said no I've never done and we focus on
air condition is it that makes sense I
like air condition but I don't so I said
well what's the problem and I said you
know what I friend of mine works for the
Montreal Canadiens ice hockey team is
great in house he comes down he looks at
me sees it comes close 10 minutes after
he said mr. Trump using free hun you
want to use water was so should you have
free on their pouring you have to see
this they have tubes of of copper and
the tubes of copper miles long as it
goes from one side after be three inches
apart goes back forth and it put the
copper and copper is very expensive and
very valuable so every
the copper that come back the next day
was all stolen ok so they delayed again
Atlantic and then finally they weren't
hired a big security company that guards
all around the rink and the other
problem with this whole miles of this
stuff because it's so long and if
there's a pinhole the gas escapes and
you know me so I said to him what's
going on so they finally got security
and they were great they did for seven
days and then the security took a day
off the entire Inc was wiped out that it
was this year's somebody made a fortune
on comp anyway so I get this guy john
nice guy from the Montreal Canadiens
real hockey people in nice people and he
said what you want is a rubber hose you
put water in it and you put salt in the
water and assault means the water can
trees he said we called Brian and a
machine and the machine takes it mixes
put it through its simple and you need
rubber hose nobody steals per I guess a
steel rubber to write that New York you
know maybe there's still a maybe they
won't actually New Yorkers have very
high values that wants two hundred and
nobody stands nobody steals and nobody
shoots self so we laid miles up I took
out all of the country we laid miles up
of the rubber and we text tested were no
leaks no nothing to his know that
because nobody wants and we laid just
beautiful then we called up the concrete
guys we have we had the most incredible
poor because it's such a huge slab and
ideally you want to port city doesn't
know so we've been the construction
people report a one-time beautiful job
and the cement mixers were lined up this
is at 58th Street 59 the cement Mix's
were lined up to harlem all the way back
that's a long and they poured all day
long they portrayed in half and was
beautiful perfectly level done with
lasers anyway
bottom line turned it on what the Brian
Truitt the water and beautiful eyes to
this day and identify less than two
million dollars and they study it now
and we can do the same thing
on Aug it's the same it's no good it's
not very funny I like I like newt
gingrich actually newt Gingrich I like
newt he's a great guy and he called me
up he said you know I read the story
about woman would you please tell them
the story of Wollman Rink so that's why
I haven't told us that story is honor of
newt what he really thinks it's because
it's indicative of it finished
way ahead of schedule and today it's
probably the busiest ice skating rink on
a Saturday have lines of her four blocks
long to get in and people are great and
the place so if you have knowledge like
you don't use people from miami Beach to
do rain with you know and by the way
they do use you know use freon server
uses we have an air conditions a little
different than I wouldn't want to use
Brian for that but it's sort of you have
to use people that know what they're
doing but newt Columbia BC you gotta
tell the church is at such a good and
it's been it's been a great thing and
and cities a lot of money and it's been
it's been really great expense and
actually study of the great business
people with private business government
and is something very true about that we
have a lot of we have a lot of things
have happened since we since we made
this journey and I journeyed fourth and
it takes guts and on june sixteenth do
this and I'll never forget standing at
the top of the now-famous escalated as
you've seen that picture with myself
coming down with Mama Mia and I'll never
forget looking down into that basement
level and seeing all of these guys are
what you have down there as much as you
have down there now times and it looked
like the Academy Awards and we gave a
speech and we talked about illegal
immigration
Rush Limbaugh said he's never seen
incoming like he saw with incoming means
trying to get you and then it turned out
the killing of cape and you had your
meal and you had so many other things
happen the veteran sixty-five years
older woman 65 years old a veteran of
the army and she was raped sodomized
killed by the legal and so much so much
and we have strong strong strong build a
war
and you go up and you go up to new
hampshire it's amazing his new hampshire
their amazing people and have a
tremendous you wouldn't think you know
you don't equate that with one of the
first questions I get all the time and
it pours in through the southern border
and believe me when I'm on stage with
these guys ok and it's now guys doing
the other one which is fine when I'm on
stage with these guys doing this so
they're saying and I like some of that
they did not think it makes a fortune
the wall is peanuts China
13,000 miles long two thousand years ago
and my ambitions have always be much
higher as I could be much bigger gives
you the window that was like three times
wider than this room we don't need to
with we need the height but China built
a wall two thousand years ago that's
thirteen thousand we essentially need a
thousand miles its 2,000 miles but we
really natural borders natural barriers
and a very very so we're going to build
a wall and mexico Mexico I love the
people of Mexico many many Mexican
people and I do business with the
leaders at 22 coming to shock and people
could come into the country to a process
they gonna come in legally and we're
gonna have a country back because right
now we don't have a
gonna be a beautiful what's going to be
a big wall it's gonna see the ceiling
the ceiling is peanuts believe me this
is not a wall
many times and that's where this web
somebody ever get something that I gonna
wanna come down version so we're gonna
have a great wall and its gonna do the
trick and you know you can ask about
walls because Israel about walls is work
when you have the right wall and when I
see the way we negotiate for instance
wild years about the prisons are gone
the hostages are four people so let's
start with the other day we had 10
sailors who innocently probably went a
little bit of water that was not a big
deal when I saw the young people on
their needs in a bag in position with a
heads above the head and rifles pointing
at the head and I heard the voices heard
it because downplayed it is the first
this was not a nice character and I and
you know they're trying to downplay it
as much as possible and then finally
they released him
450 billion so I've been hitting them
hard and I think I might have something
to do with it is using its a part of my
staples Inc I mean I go crazy when i
when i hear about this you go you go
absolutely wild because we have one
who's in there was a reporter for the
washington post didn't do anything wrong
by the way he had something but you have
you have a person who's in there because
he's a minister is a Christian pastor
and you have people that didn't have one
of the worst prisons
world and we should have been done right
at the beginning they should have said
listen we have a president would say no
you leave the room that the sanctions
are within 48 hours but we waited and
waited so here's the deal they getting
you know they get their money today or
tomorrow so the prisoners are going to
be relieved when they get the money
hundred and fifty years before but
they're getting seven people that
they've wanted much more serious real
people real people meaning they
committed real problems and they're
getting I guess fourteen or fifteen
other people that are on the watch list
of Tara and other fees are really bad
dudes and they're being taken off the
water so they getting essentially 22
people and a hundred and fifty billion
so we give them that we give them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars we
give them essentially 22 people
21 22 people but these are people that
really did have problems and we're
getting better for people that didn't do
anything that's the way it's sad it's so
sad and this has been going on forever
Bergdahl we get Bergdahl a dirty rotten
traders right we get Bergdahl sergeant
Bergdahl how did we get Bergdahl we get
there and they get 15 people
killers that are back on the
battlefields depressing still not back
them back by people that they most
wanted their back on the battlefield or
will be high level people that they
wanted for nine years so we get a dirty
rotten trader and I fly back linebacker
drop a ride to hell right now
I would drop them five people at least
it could be six but at least five people
were killed looking for you know they
went out looking from this is not
friendly territory and they went out
looking for at least five people were
killed killed looking for birds and
their burgers and let people know the
old days when we were strong as a
country would have been shot it would've
been like fast trial fair trial of his
guilty he's gone right now there have
been forty fifty years ago twenty years
ago at least be imprisoned for ten years
ago he would have been in prison maybe
six people five people more shirts
because they say another one and I saw
the parents and they think but I'll tell
you we have to change our ways we have
to be smart we have to be vigilant we
have to be tough I turn on the
television today what do I see islamic
right right
radical islamic hotel blown-up blown to
pieces
hundreds of people horribly wounded and
burning in running onto the streets I
mean they say 25 killed it was as of
this morning when it happens you know
the tremendous
gotta be careful what you choose to do
this we gotta make sure the Syrian the
migration we don't know where these
people come from we don't know where
we don't know whether we have no idea
you know the story the Trojan horses
could be the ultimate but we have no
idea where they come from I have a big
heart I actually do the world's most
militarised at present but that doesn't
mean I want to use it I want to have it
because we need it and I'm the one that
didn't want to go into Iraq and you've
seen that in you heard me say it in 2003
2004 then headlines trumps is dole going
to Rocky gonna destabilize the Middle
East Trump writes in his book in the
year 2000 about Osama bin Laden and I
saw on the television and read about in
the papers and threatening to take him
out nobody took him a chance to take
about bill clinton actually had a chance
to take him out they never pull the
trigger you've heard that and they
decided not to pull the trigger and they
pulled the trigger it probably wouldn't
have had that destruction as he was
really in charge of that whole world
trade center horror show that CNN
visions so some people say oh dropped
his return in mid their little like Bush
Bush is like low energy lost another
really does is run for office he loses
debates but he said I think of who won
the debate to drop when the debate
you know the polls indicate for every
day virtually every debate the pozole
indicate they do the polls drug use an
amazing guy is a poll time magazine
slate all these you know they all have
these polls PBS online possible for
everything I love when your number one
of a number to ensure the number two I
wouldn't even be happy being number two
mean I'm that's what I want every poll
every poll the online polls a comeback
in fact my daughter goes did you leading
in the polls leading and every time we
have a debate and but sometimes the
pundits on so good to me
other words I may be leading big 12
million by 67% to you know second line
67 percent think of it and then I was
like Donald Trump people this is the
first debate with actually see one they
said I want finally they getting some
are they getting what I enjoy I enjoy
the process but we have really more fun
I love that is amazing company plans a
lot of people say you'll never run and
then the pundits and they said I never
signed for May 21 pages basically is
cited
because you know he's probably not as
rich as everybody so I put in my
financials
them anyway because I would want to show
because nobody
is true it's people Donovan sampling the
financials and you had to see these guys
see that group all those people back
there there it made them look like
peanuts waiting in front of the federal
election trying to find him and
everybody and the funny thing is I had
almost 200 pages of financials and with
tremendous numbers and he's gonna ask
given 45 days so LSU extensions beyond
the election
fellows any extensions whatever it is it
is we filed the numbers of interesting
very little debt tremendous cash let
some of the great assets so many as his
own 40 World Bank of America big chunk
Bank of America building in San France's
1290 Avenue of the Americas one of the
biggest office buildings in New York and
so many others and he said what's and we
need to get our country will 19 trillion
dollars they just made this budget deal
that's how you know they made it they
didn't like in one day right one day it
was done in one day I never saw and I'm
actually more disappointed and
Republican but I'm more disappointed
with republicans because the concern
right
democrats said the other day Obama is
the worst negotiator I've ever seen
except when it comes to negotiating with
the republicans any great negotiate
right it's true I mean a much more
disappointed with republicans and it
went so quickly took like a day it was
like they said they're putting in a
budget and you took it about a budgets
gonna raise up the debt from 19 to 21
trillion dollars very quickly and it
really it funds Obamacare funds the
syrians coming in and funds people
coming in through the border I don't
know what these people are thinking
about you know we all put and party with
tough I tell people supported by the way
have to take some getting great support
from evangelicals every group and its
amazing people amazing they want one
thing they want to make this country
great again and wanna make the country
great again they're amazing
dedicated wonderful americans and they
want to see good things happen to find
the Tea Party and sometimes I say maybe
we should work on a public relations
drivers and they want to see this
country gets strong be great again pay
less taxes make the dollar stretch
better have strong borders protect the
Second Amendment which we're going to do
to get rid of Common Core i mean when
when guys like when guys like Bush come
down and then Lindsey Graham supports
him but I don't know if Lindsey Graham
even knows this but bush is in favor of
Common Core nobody can win when you're
in favor and he's also weaken
immigration member they come across the
borders and active loved remember
I heard those days the Common Core act
of love and Lindsey Graham supporting I
like I like him now that he's out he
gave him but he supported in favor of
common core and also so you know it's
one of those but it doesn't make any
difference 'cause lindsey is going to
give him all of his people that voted
for Lindsay you know that is 00
everybody that voted for Lindsay right
everybody that voted for Lindsay's going
to say everybody is going to push and
say which went down time in the accident
which is hard to do when you're three
you know what I do like talking about
this video he keeps takin ads about a
look at what he keeps taking these days
spending a fortune ads against and about
seven or eight guys before he gets to me
I would if I were him honestly I'd take
a guy in front of a couple of Giessen
rights don't you think that the guy up
here because he may do damage to me
which should be fine but you know he's
not gonna benefit one of the other guys
gonna benefit so it's a little stupid
but this kind of thinking we have going
on his
but but think of it and I use I use jab
as it's a shame to his last name what is
a good brand is making a mistake jeb
with you know with the exclamation
Bush it's ok if it doesn't work any
worse than it is now right
two percent 2% ok but here's the thing
is so jammed has spent this is like the
woman skating this is like the hotel
right under budget ahead of schedule me
so Jabba spent 69 million dollars so far
would be great if you could give that
money to the Wounded Warriors than
wasting least you know his campaign
manager these ppl ago now buying
Ferraris and stuff I assume I'm in an
hour but they're making a lot of money I
heard he took millions of dollars in
Texas never get the texts he took you
know why they don't spend the money the
guys in the campaign can take it
commissioned ok does anyone know that
you know vicious that is telling you
working in those campaigns is better
than being a real estate broker in South
Carolina it's terrible but Japanese
spent 69 million dollars and essentially
the bottom of the barrel like nothing
like nothing and I'm Way ahead amway up
by 20 points or something i mean twenty
points ahead
they'd like to have 20 points 20 points
ahead and I said oh and by the way just
so you understand I don't want to be
like somebody said why i said two
reasons number one chance ok I just what
I authorize a pretty big by in Iowa New
Hampshire and South Carolina but I said
I mean if you look at it I just feel
guilty
I feel so guilty because I haven't spent
anything and all these guys and I feel a
little bit guilty and sometimes I say
why aren't you spending because they
have a 24 . lead me what they call it
earned media and you know like Face the
Nation the other day I did raise the
nation two weeks ago and I got a note
from very very nice from CBS they had
the highest rating and by the way this
was like 12 cameras running this is
legit stuff they had the highest rating
in 15 16 years since the fall of the
world they interviewed they had the
highest rating 4.7 million people they
do meet the press had its highest george
stephanopoulos the highest ready so that
gives you can get things but when you
have because they want you when other
people whose names but when other people
call it a day can edge against me but
when other people call it didn't really
care about ratings if you had terrible
poll numbers right I got good ratings
which usually doesn't work usually they
go hand in hand but they don't give up
on them so when you have the ship so I
have a lot of earned media so here I am
i spend no money practically no money
most of its the fuel for my jet then
they say he leases it from himself I see
I have to at least by jet market value
and pays so that thinkers Trump is
making money on this campaign he's
paying themselves funny myself we had
one headline that jump may be the first
candidate in history to actually make
money running for president
we're at and we're selling and we are
we're selling those Donald J trump dot
com right was selling the hats hats make
America great again the shirts we sell
in the dot-com a handsome young and
we're doing but anyway I feel guilty and
I really do and I just want to do it and
I don't want to take a chance so we're
spending money now it's really wasting
but here's a look at it and 37.9 million
under budget
I think I think it by by january first
which is couple of weeks ago I would
have spent 37.9 million I think that was
the number right around that time spent
nothing some so far under budget so if
you don't mind and I love telling the
story that I spent nothing and I'm up
here
other guys spent tremendous amounts of
money and they're down in the toilet
right I love telling this because if you
can equate that to the country think
this in education we're number one in
the world in cost per student by a
factor of many in number two is way way
it doesn't even exist practically we
spend more per pupil than anybody else
by far and yet we're number 28 in terms
of quality so we spend more than anybody
else and to a large extent that's common
core
you know these people are making a
fortune
they don't give a damn about your kids
in South Carolina at some of them doing
a lot of them don't they want to know
how much are they getting paid this week
and they do things in the right things
and you studying things you know you
don't want to be so what would it be
nice if so we spend the most amount of
money and where a you know doing
horribly we have third-world nations
that have better education than the
united states and yet we spent many
times more than what anybody else would
it be nice if you could take my campaign
we spend the least and we have the best
we spend delays
and we have the best and one of these
kids have you know i i think it's Norway
Sweden China you know some of these
places have phenomenal educational
systems and one of the folks who tell me
actually an Iowa they said is to try
their trying to get us to go to norway
so we can do that so easy but they won't
let us from washington itself and his
appearances of people that really love
the students these are great people that
love to students love the teachers want
to have the right teachers there's no
way of supervising it from washington
but Norway Sweden China these are places
that have unbelievable areas of
education and I think Norway and Sweden
alike number one and two and they study
they can implemented because Washington
so money and with a big believer in
education
used to cut it short his strong borders
we can have the wall when I get paid for
it to be a beautiful
someday though the trouble to have to
make it beautiful as opposed to we're
gonna make it beautiful and very
effective ok we're going to take care of
our military we're going to rebuild it
wouldn't be so strong and by the way
that's cheaper than what we're doing now
what we're doing now is insanity will
week and they know a week you know when
you hear we're not going here we're not
going there i been sayin bomb the oil
for how many years you been listening to
three years there just became rich with
the bomb the oil in a one of the reasons
I can't believe it they actually said
it's true to me it's hard to believe
it's true
one of the reasons it in one of
environmental pollution it's a true now
they say the smoke and everything going
into the atmosphere is bad for the
environment not true and I don't know
maybe they were kidding from the white
house maybe they were kidding I don't
think it's anything to get about
environmental pollution so how do you
think General George Patton he needed
people in that thing how do you think
General George Patton would feel about
environmental pollution does three years
ago and if the president said no way
he'd say oh I'm sorry president I'd like
to apologize when General Douglas
MacArthur and we have General Douglas
MacArthur and we have george cat right
now coming out of West Point coming out
of an apple is coming out of the Air
Force Academy I mean I went to a great
school but I know those goals and those
are great schools we have great people
but a lot of times our great and tough
and smart go to the top because they're
not politically correct one of the guys
too tough he's too small he uses bad
language or she rushed we need smart
tough people we had to let our top
people go to the top when it comes to
trade with china with so much money with
Japan China Vietnam is a new and Mexico
everybody beats I know this
nobody ever calls Carl Icahn one of the
richest people he doesn't care he does
he care about the money he wants his
hundred and he wants to do something if
I took getting killed with china trade
and by the way they come they don't pay
tax when we send any attacks and you can
even get your product is totally unfair
trade a five hundred million dollars
hundred billion deficit then some enjoy
your not a free trader this attempt I
mean how long have to be a free-trade
lose five hundred billion dollars a year
right and you know the funny thing if we
have a tough and come to the table fast
because they would have a depression
that likes of which nobody's ever see we
have rebuilt china china's done to us is
one of the greatest chefs in the history
of the world we have rebuilt China and
nobody and I mean beyond Obama I'm not
just play my Obama has done nothing but
nobody nobody has done it has been going
on for years and years and years with
drugs so what I'm going to do is have
country with spirit we can have a
country with smartest and brightest
people I know who they are and I've been
there I've seen the greatest negotiated
over-rated something underrated some you
never use the people that know how to do
it they using right now political hacks
the using people they gave campaign
contributions I mean you give a campaign
contribution to Ted Drewes you get
whatever the hell you want whenever you
want
and he's a very nice but you give him
you have to get right
you have to go out me gives me he didn't
reported bank loans excuse me did report
his Bangla say whenever you want he
didn't report bank loans he didn't
report is bank loans get bank loans from
Goldman Sachs is got bank loans from
Citibank folks and then and then and
then he acts like Robin Hood you know
say whatever you want but doesn't work
that way so we have to use our best
people we have to be smart we have to be
tough we have to be vigilant and we can
do it and we can make america greater
than ever before
thank you thank you everybody thank you
everybody

charging take your questions and now
without further ado please welcome the
next president of the United States
wow
wow
we're going to take our country back
stupid country led by
and we are going to win
so today I will always do and I turned
on television you saw that CNN came out
with a new poll write to EC this fall
people say why do you always mention
polls because ammo is number one in the
polls for you
very important in other polls and in
just about every poem now we beat
Hillary so bad Reyes
and I mean is no strength no stamina she
cannot lead us it's a corrupt Dale and
say corrupt deal she shouldn't be
allowed to run and we will put an end to
enjoy
so the Fox CNN was amazing I love you
love his winning something I have to
tell you as good as this is we have to
get out there and vote because you know
it's never easy it's never easy and we
have a little bit of a structural
disadvantages Republicans and
conservatives so we have to get out
there and vote now dropped 36 now think
you've got fifteen people running and
yes 36 that's good
remember they said I started off I had
six they said well that's a plateau then
the next week it went to 12 then I went
to 18 and every week said well that's
his Mac says hi and i went to twenties
and went to 25 and 28 and every week now
it's just 36 in another paul hasn't
heard 4240
amazed
ok so we're in the CNN poll where at 36
second places 16 then you have a 12 year
before you have a 33 push prices great
bye bye
you know I just this and I'm embarrassed
by it but you see all the bridge
commercials it doesn't stop so he's not
boring low energy but I think somebody
told me he spent 32 million downs hilary
is then more than that this spending
money like you wouldn't believe so I
have spent the least amount of money and
have the best result that's what we want
at least
would it be nice if we could do that
with our country and have the best
now I'm self funding my campaign which
I'm happy you're so many people like
that is like a big deal because you know
one thing for all of the people that
have you know when your number one
position they all call all done and we
want to give you $5 million 1,000,000 I
said no one actually feel guilty because
all my life I take that was our business
today I don't want it
it's one is one person and the dishonest
media they are just as you don't believe
the most
they're the most design has been a big
percentage of myself as hard as they are
so dishonest they will make that one
person into the headline they can't even
used to put the s but they'll say Trump
protester
they don't say that you want 2012
thousand people by the way a lot of
people pouring into a lot of people
outside I have an idea should we wait
about 45 minutes let everybody come into
the room
know right but you'll see that tomorrow
the protest and one protester said that
some cake and be very nice said a
protester you know we always have a
couple and usually have not but
sometimes we have come and get him out
of the room then they sound as nice as a
very careful be very gentle don't hurt
to protest and they say he was very weak
tonight so you can win some tried to cut
it right down the middle to make sure
that young lady is a beautiful shame
and if she'd like to come back into
invited back in
tremendous negotiator will use one of
these countries
what's happening and what we're saying
and I talked about the silent majority
but status Alan Johnson noisy noisy
noisy incredible majority and it is a
majority but he said how do you speak in
front of and I don't use like
teleprompters and they don't have a
written speech and like that ever
written speech be so easy to read
ladies and gentlemen and by the way I
love North Carolina in Charlotte I have
a great drop Trump National Golf Club
it's a tremendous success
and I love it I love it I think it's one
of the most beautiful places I have to
tell you this so I am places in Miami
I'm places in Palm Beach and places all
over the place ok thats by the way this
kind of thinking we need it but I send
my cruise down to different places to
fix my roving groups these guys they're
like they're all over the place and they
come to North Carolina and they call me
back and they always wanted to retire to
florida and they left arm and I love
Florida and by the way I'm winning in
the polls and rod and gets a senator who
never farts well I'm beating to senator
who never boats and a former governor
and we're winning by a lot but they come
down to North Carolina not thinking
about North Carolina and every single
time they come back they say mr. Trump
that's why I want to spend the rest of
my life too soon
I don't know if you want them they're
rough guys but they're very good at what
they do but they love it and I love it
we have a situation in our country where
we have a president who is out of
control is out of control I don't know
why I don't know why but you won't even
is use the term won't say the term as to
what's happening and he dragged there
he'd rather see this you would rather
you ask him what's your biggest problem
I we have ice is trying to blow up from
buildings are cities and destroy us and
by the way chopping off heads of your
Christian we have ice is just like
medieval times you know in medieval
times they chopped up said whoever heard
of this until accomplished using about
the cage they drowned and then people
say to me this the jump they chopped up
heads they drowned people who steal
changes I get asked by one of these
carriages a few weeks ago miss a drop
what do you think of waterboarding
I said a couple of steps beyond
waterboarding
and then I guess I mean I say
waterboarding is fine and they do
stories about me that i'm gonna stuff
and then push he said this to drop stone
his tone is very tough look what the
world is doing hers they're beating us
militarily we can beat Isis they're
beating us militarily they're beating us
on train we go into Iraq and we spend
billions of dollars in Iraq billions and
then we spent with the final number
what's the final number two trillion
dollars we lose thousands of lives in
Iraq we have haunted worries why I love
all over the place
and what we have we have nothing we have
nothing and you remember I said keep the
oil keep the oil and did a lot for three
years and been saying keep the dead
people saying what has dropped to about
this about a week ago this Sunday
knocking the hell out of the oil but
they'll beat up but they won't keep him
because in action on enough we should
keep it and we should keep it
correct belongs the spoils we're the
only people we go in we fight we lose
most importantly and sadly we lose lives
we spend trillions and trillions of
dollars we leave we get nothing now iraq
has taken over Iraq and who's taken the
oil Isis Isis
around is gonna walk in I said don't go
in and I'm the most militaristic person
in this room other than this kind of
Scotland's pretty rough but I'm the most
of CNN but you have to know when to do
it you know when to using I want to
build our military so and so strong
nobody nobody nobody got a message and
we've gotta take care of our vet Sarah
greatest paper
we have pets that are in waiting rooms
four five six and seven days before they
can see a doctor and they're dying
before they are literally dying by the
thousands waiting for service and in
some cases routine service they need a
procedure they need a pill they need a
prescription they die they died and
these are the people that's why we're
here we're gonna take care of our vets
went to take care of our wounded
warriors who are greatest and most
incredible big with the wounded warriors
and within minutes we take the oil and
we get the families that lost people in
Iraq and Afghanistan and other places we
give them money will let them have money
because they need they gotta get
something they gotta get some and we
take care of those people we take care
of our vets we take care of our military
we got into it and we're going to do it
and we're going to do it as soon as I
went by when I'm telling you we are
going to be so proud of our contract
again
where Iran who laughs at our stupidity
gets a hundred and fifty billion dollars
we make a horrible deal with 24 day
areas before we can go in and steal and
destroy the 24 days it's a whole
procedure so the 24 days can be much
longer and how do you like where they
can sell a rare and can go and
self-respect and all mister president
everything's hi this is Carrie this is
they didn't read the art of the deal
they are grossly incompetent people they
weren't meant for the job and we gotta
get about we gotta get them out
hilary is going to be just as bad
hilary is going to be just as dead if
you look at hillary hillary
thank you thousands of people are
pouring in and we have to get rid of one
person is wasting my time people coming
come out
it is amazing people pouring into this
room with all of the people here we have
to waste time when one or two people
it's really ridiculous in my opinion she
does she wakes up she doesn't have that
she puts on a pantsuit she walks in four
days five days you know why she goes
that calm as she goes to sleep
this is not what we need is a president
we need tremendous energy we need
tremendous smart we need somebody that's
gonna get the job
to get the job done
you don't talk about this is much for
the last two weeks because I'm now
drunken more and more border security
went to build along Mexico's gonna pay
for the law
we're not going to let people come into
our country that we have no idea who
they are where they come from them no
documentation
Trojan horse these are the strongest
looking people I've ever seen the
migration they're all men who look at
this young man I say why are they
fighting for their country what are they
doing so we're gonna linda Shaw his
effect so I said they want to about
200,000 and I've heard that number I'm
pretty good at this stuff and if you
look I made a lot of right decisions
listen to this so they say 10,000 how it
was three thousand hours tent house but
in the democratic debate what was the
number they talked about 65,000 they
want to allow two hundred to two hundred
and fifty thousand and in my opinion how
stupid can we make we know nothing about
these dreams we don't have any idea
where they come from military and the
police have told us the military and the
police have told us there is no way in a
million years of finding out where
they're from
I mean we can't even do a website for
Obamacare we spend $5 doing the website
and with some guy comes who doesn't have
and I do like this we all have heart and
I do like building in a safe Sun some
places here that's what Merkel should've
done instead of what's going on in
Germany's a disaster
and will contribute and we'll get the
Gulf says who are so well will
contribute will help because we want to
help people but we don't want these
people coming to the united says and if
they do
here they do I don't i win they're going
back they've gotta go back
we r 19 trillion dollars
see they've got strategy one there one
here one in three different places so
self our really I think it might be
three so remember this we're going to
have our borders back we're going to
create strong borders and I mean strong
we are going to build a wall so powerful
and so tall and so strong and we let
people come in but they're all coming in
legally we wanted to come here legally
or illegally
what I've been doing is talking very
strongly about trade and China and how
everybody's ripping off our country and
how we don't know what we're doing over
the last couple of weeks since we had
the tragedies we all had the tragedy in
Paris now we had another one which again
was the same thing how about the person
that knew I was going on said they
didn't wanna report them because they
think it might be racial profiling did
you see that I did you see that
and I'm not sure do I believe the
president be that dumb but they didn't
want to report cuz they didn't want to
be involved with racial profiling we
have become so politically correct to we
don't know what the hell with doing
made that announcement it takes guts to
run for president don't get it
tax cuts and not so much for a
politician and when and by the way
watch the super PACs because the super
PACs are controlling the politicians
have total control over the politicians
and those are the guys that you're
elected no super PACs hear those super
PACs
we send notices out we don't watch super
PAC so we set about strongly so just
remember that a controlling your destiny
and these are not people that have you
in mind these are not people just
remembered for his another line another
can imagine
look at the camera
so what we're going to do now and what
I've been doing is I really focused on
security we need now
security proper security we have to
bring the safety of our country back
when I was running and gave it a very
strong announced and I talked about
illegal immigration and boy did I take
heat or wat i do now what I was right
and I think that was maybe what drove us
initially now everybody is saying and we
have this right here on the economy
dropped 55 percent on budget 61% on
illegal immigration
48% on Isis 46% on foreign policy
30% people know what's happening we want
protection we watch smarts and whether
to have the finest country and will get
only my second amendment and we're going
to protect ourselves only after
it's amazing when you think of some of
he brings you here where let's not have
guns but you know one thing the bad guys
have the guns the bad guys are gonna
have the guns it's not going to happen
anymore we're gonna protect our 2nd
Amendment and we are going to have
protection
drawn we get two questions will do
question and answer before we do that
common core is a disaster
we have one of the worst education
systems in the world we're ranked 28th
in the world and we spend more money per
pupil than any other country by far
that's going to end of local education
we're gonna have local education and
we're gonna go shooting up the charts
and we're going to save money so I want
you to ask some lets you have a mic was
the mic ok let's get with me somebody
doing horrible terrible question what
would you like to go to turn on the mind
who's running this place
try somebody else
I hear you I was wondering what you
would say to President Obama
I'm sure they did everything they could
to try to cover that up
come out it has been stated that gays
and it was a terrorist attack was
handled that well I would happen soon
enough you have no idea you don't want
to hear
by the way if the people in Paris for
the people in California if you had a
couple of folks in there with guns
thank you
jobs illegal immigration have no idea
what's happening we are losing our jobs
you say in San Francisco Jameel you know
jimmy is wonderful beautiful young boy
shot shot instantly killed for no reason
and I got to know his father and his
father is a great man and what he's
living with now nobody wants to live
with shot by the illegal immigrant we
gotta stop it and when to stop it now
going to stop it now
prison
you and your administration prosecutor
or at least look into it because you
know the statute of limitations 26 use
what she did is illegal is no question
about that she's being protected by the
democrats because she's there we have to
do something about it we have to do this
not right
General Petraeus essentially got two
years I mean what this event they
destroyed him either people went to jail
for much less than when she did I think
she's gonna get off and I think it's
going to be her greatest achievement
she's had to get off it will be her
greatest achievement because she was one
of the worst in history the world blew
up during that regime and world blew up
so we're going to take a look at it very
very strong
get treated in many cases better than
our vets happened to happen you look at
what's going on our events are treated
so poorly it's not gonna happen and it's
going to happen and you know i mean you
know I made her George given a look at
senator Mr Trump is your super fan from
the washington post article from Jenna
Johnson we love you
and how quickly can you kick common
common core how quickly it's going to be
done
got some of these guys running against
the republicans don't want common drawer
and anybody that wants common core is
not going to win it makes no sense so
you're a big opponent and take care of
your mommy
I'm ryan porn year Campbell University
representing students for drama I want
to first of all thank you for breaking
this damn established really have a
Washington Dec
do you plan to do an office to support
the students that support the education
system ok it's the question I probably
get it has more than any question
students they work a barrage of the hell
they get in there they graduate they do
great big problem they get out the Jigga
jobs we've taken our jobs back from
China would take it I jobs back from
Japan would take it I jobs back from
mexico when you get out of jobs to do
something with your loans because the
students are getting socked and the
colleges are raising their numbers too
high too fast too high and too has yet
to be very happy to watch when you get
out you don't have jobs
of America question do you fake the
refugees that are coming here are trying
to come here they're going to Germany
all over Europe do you think they're
going to become priests and become
celibate what is going to happen to the
women in the world that there are
countries are contingent
questions that one more time what do you
mean they are trying to get into Russia
ok give me another
George 12 years old and I'm scared what
are you gonna do to protect this country
12 years old what do you want to do to
protect this country I'm scared
try the next president of the United
States shared our country and I know you
will you will build our military
you're not going to be scared to be
scared and just so you understand when
the world trade center was knocked down
the people the animals and did that they
sent their wives and their families back
to saudi arabia know someone back to
saudi arabia those wives do what their
husbands were going to do we never went
after we never did anything we have to
attack much stronger we have to be more
vigilant we have to be much tougher we
have to be much smarter or it's never
ever going to end
remember that just remember China our
technology from our military from our
business is now can you stop that it's
crazy it's gone too far and so amazing
how old are you
thirteen-years-old
$400 a year with China seventy billion
dollars a year with Japan accusing me
forty five billion dollars a year with
mexico I love the mexican people have
great respect for the country
their leaders are so much tougher
smarter and more connie how leaders was
gonna stop it looks like it is stopping
you know i i download all the time
Oreos or against nabisco is moving their
plant from chicago into Mexico ok no
good no good for me is building a two
and a half two and a half for trucks
cars parts not gonna happen folks would
it was gonna take you back with taking
our country back we can't continue to
let this happen
would take your country back
are you do to change Obama rules of
engagement to get military to get a
better chance to stay alive I don't
think I don't think he has changed
you know
our country is divided look at what our
country is so divided this hatred
between people we want to bring it
together you know the country always
thought that President Obama would be a
cheerleader he's been a great great
divider I'm going to look at a level of
hatred and you know if I could speak to
these four people look you may be a
democrat you may be a liberal we're
going to make our country stronger gonna
make it good to create jobs I really
think I could talk sense into him so
divided as such as I remember that's
only four ppl ok hello my name's Sean I
had a question for you so first of all I
read the art of the deal and I love the
bus so much was great my question was
what will you do and regulating hedge
funds and Wall Street Wall Street has
not been babies and what we have to do
and what we are doing and I don't know
this is a lot of people we put it on tax
it's the biggest tax cut of anybody my
farm and the middle class
ass is getting the biggest part of it
will bring it back
simplifying it we're bringing the rage
way down it's going to be so beautify
corporations and companies and small
business is they are going to benefit we
are going to have a dynamic economy
again we're gonna start manufacturing
gonna bring trillions of dollars into
the country and you are going to be very
happy so we're gonna work and you know I
was not a bad couple of words they
really do produce yet but they're at a
disadvantage now June we have created a
tax so many people love him it's going
to be dynamic the middle class has been
so hurt in this country they've been
destroyed it's almost like we don't have
a middle-class the middle class in this
country
actions
let's go one last question what would
you do on your first day in office
oh I love that question number one i'd
signed an executive order ending Obama's
executive order
quickly and we are going to help our
backs and you know what I'm doing I put
in a big policy paper and people love it
when I immediately got his start
building up our military and making it
really really powerful strong because
nobody's gonna mess with us okay then
we're gonna do many other things and we
are going to end Obamacare ok ladies and
gentlemen ladies and gentlemen this is
such an honor when you remember this
remember this
I think he came back I think he came
back to worry about him
individual people are all friends they
all want to make sure we are sitting on
something that's bigger than any of us
understand your nose I always made our
country great again and I've been saying
for the last three weeks I've really got
to know the people we are going to make
our country great again
greater than ever before I love you
thank you very much

gentlemen please welcome the next
president United States Donald
you know I missed
we got down like everybody else have to
get out I was watching today television
they said well if we get by far the
biggest clubs like it's not even a
contest and they said all of those
people actually go out and vote but you
know the designer's perspective they
should but I don't think they will I
think they will but they said they said
no they said if they actually go out and
vote the people that show up like an
Iowa had massive the same thing
Virginia Dallas Oklahoma South Carolina
North Carolina we have these massive
rallies and it's incredible and they
said well if they vote Trump wins they
actually said probable
and we have to get out we have to get
out we have to be ok so you know we've
had some amazing news I've missed as you
know for like a week and a half we've
sort of been in limbo right well I could
do is tweak it was driving me crazy
because there were no like events or
anything planned but we all had a good
Christmas right
Merry Christmas we say Merry other
people won't say Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays happy holidays merry Christmas
from
the polls have been fantastic you see in
the polls are just came out of today one
came out Rasmussen where I'm tied with
hillary but don't worry that's going to
and we're going to be going to be far
ahead and bought came out a couple of
weeks ago and we were leading and
another one came out we were leading
we're doing very well we haven't started
on her you know she said we'd love to
run against trumpeter worst nightmare
these people these people that care they
said well the Hillary campaign said
they'd love to run yeah he wants to run
against me instead of somebody else I
guarantee you you know and I explained I
tried to explain to Chuck Todd all these
guys you don't understand when they say
they want to run against rum that means
they don't want to run against you don't
they don't understand you know their
report yet but then tonight somebody
reported that they are absolutely going
crazy and they are devastated over what
Trump Assange now we're getting back to
the basics ok look at what's happened
with the republicans every single person
that's gone after me is gone they're
gone they're gone
when I take on the left the race down
and the very very low portion there you
just said one but they lowered all the
millions that we're spending and
spending I guess so you saw the one
where I spent essentially nothing and
bushes spent fifty nine million he's
down toward the bottom with three
percent or 2 percent or something and we
have we actually had a poke about 42% we
had 39 percent of these polls it's crazy
we have we have numbers we have to go
through them right go through a first
second we have you know they always say
why do you go through the polls cause
I'm winning honestly if I wasn't I have
to be honest if I wasn't I wouldn't be
talking about him and the other
characters he always talks about the
polls we don't when they shouldn't
because they're not winning so we have a
lot of good when CNN 36% think of it
crews to 16 carson's 14 rubios 12
christie's for bush's 3 after how about
this you spend fifty nine million
dollars in you but you know what's
impressive is that the economy Trump is
on the budget numbers 51 how about this
I remember that set of 15 people you
know what 1715 outstrip 49 it's going
down
going to go down quickly by the way when
they have to take new hampshire will
always maintain its place if I went ok
just so you understand you know there's
a big move there's a big movement to put
you at the back of the pack or the
middle of the pack so it would no longer
be the same thing you'll never see me
again but you will see me cuz that's so
many friends you never see a lot of
people again but there's a big movement
to put new hampshire way back I don't
know why I don't know is it retribution
is that they don't want it I don't like
it cause you have a lot of power mean
you have a lot of power and by we could
we get to have problems I mean they have
a heroin problem that's really
incredible I mean I hear so much about
that from the people up here and you
know we're gonna build a wall we're
gonna have a real bored at home heroin
thing I tell you what we gotta get it
under control but I hear more about it
from here than I do you don't think of
it in terms of New Hampshire but
whenever I'm up here I hear more about
it here and we gotta solve the problem
we got help the people that are cooked
because they get hooked and it's not
easy but on the budget and 51% its 51%
with 14 and actually when they did this
fifteen people see a 51% I'd be happy
about 51% what do people right ok
on illegal immigration listen to this
48% because they know I'm not gonna play
games I saw one of the people that I'm
running against the other day they came
up and they said we're going to build a
wall first time he said that my wife was
less you should totally he's coming you
said the exact same words he said was
gonna be a big wall it's gonna be a
great wall I said the same words I
listened to it I listened to it I said
what are we doing here the guys you know
if you remember when I started when I
started this whole dialogue and we
announced on June 16th at Trump Tower
and I said illegal immigration and was
gonna stop at everybody should all and I
went through in the papers and I was
getting absolutely rush limbaugh was
like a great guy said he's never seen
anybody receive so much
incoming I was getting these guys were
killing me and then within two-three
weeks all of a sudden it's sort of like
people saying you know i think is right
and then you had Kate beautiful Kate
from San Francisco and Jameel from Los
Angeles you had a woman a female a
better in a wonderful woman 66 year old
veteran who was raped who was sodomized
who was killed by the illegal immigrant
who is here was not supposed to be here
came in a number of times like vacate
the cake horrible person came in five
different times at least the piano and
all of a sudden and these are just three
instances we have thousands it's it's
out of control
horrible for the economy taking our jobs
taking our money it's a one-way street
they come over they bring drugs drugs
drugs you people know better than
anybody cuz you're really the recipient
of that but they come up with drugs and
go back with cash ok not a good deal and
they go of the walls and you saw the
ramp they built a little ramp the walls
are built to ramp to trucks drive over
the wall
they have Jeep still loaded up with
drugs they drive over the wall didn't
even ripped the world down the wall so
small that said let's just put a ramp up
I would have been easier they shoulda
rip the wall then no those are not trump
all they are not true so illegal
immigration 48% Isis Isis will get the
hell out of them we're gonna get the
real general they may not have nice
language you know we got one of the best
shows because he was very rough and
tough even though the men and women that
were under him loved him but very tough
and gave an interview and he used that
language and you said things and you
know now of course our general shouldn't
be talking they should be shooting they
should be out there did you ever see
general surgeon to view those on
television generals and they're always
say how bad we are the shit one of them
just like they were going about Isis so
what do you think it's a very tough
problem for us up front can you imagine
general douglas macarthur's problem he
come up with this corn cob pipe in his
head and I will be or General George
Patton
it would be over fast it would be over
it would be brutal but it would be over
we wouldn't be fighting the endless ward
how I have been saying take the oil balm
the oil killed the oil for years they
started doing at 34 weeks ago and they
don't do it right you know why they
don't want to hurt the environment can
you know this is a true they don't want
to hurt the environment
ok we are now we have a president that
considers global warming to be more
important than fighting wars of people
that want to blow up our country blow up
our cities kill our people and he said
global warming is our biggest problem I
i dont its hard the whole thing is crazy
the whole thing is crazy ok foreign
policy Trump wins with 30% so he's just
some good numbers morning console listen
to these numbers I don't know they write
I think forty percent for Trump 9% for
crews everyone else way below that ABC
washington post great company right I
don't love the washington post actually
because they don't but they treat me
good in the polls
hey nobody's gonna say they give me any
favors that I can tell you
38 percent 15% 12% 11 then you get into
the singles right the Monmouth mall 41
to 14 PPP Iowa came out recently
28 to 25 Trump over crews they don't
tell you that they only go to one point
register which I have a big problem with
between that between that and the union
leader which i think might be worth a
lot a lot a pile of garbage at
newspapers about that you check out you
about what happened yeah you know you've
heard a lot of the story so let's talk
about the union leader how dishonest
okay CNN 3636 216 right Monmouth mall
4114 a fox Fox 3916 3917 numbers item
and election but today I wanna
on the way in Iowa in Iowa a CNN poll
which was so one-sided that it never
gets reported other than by CNN actually
at 33 22033 cruises adorning that's an
Iowa poll you don't hear about it they
only talked about this crazy Bloomberg
whatever it is Paul it was you know what
she was frankly fine but it was one of
the few polls room actually behind its
Iowa but and and I think the people and
I would think we're gonna win it and I
really glad we have like new hampshire
like South Carolina you know we have
great friends and iowan and I think
we're gonna win my people think we're
gonna win but we'll find out i mean
we're gonna find out if we don't know
what to do well but I think we're gonna
win it
PPP thank you win new hampshire right
it's so bright you know it's like this
everywhere and sometimes you know we're
only confined like this a room that we
have people outside of get to a second
one after this you believe it unless you
want to give them your location and let
them switch just no I don't think you
but we have we we have such incredible
enthusiasm you go to these meetings and
even the press the rallies and even the
presses its incredible when we were in
oklahoma 20,000 people standing in a
park we could get a building called it
we just said let's do it in the park was
a very windy day so I put that on ok
very windy make America great deal of
that and in Dallas we had twenty
thousand people in the Mavericks where
the mavericks play Mark Cuban was going
to give us the arena and he he he said
you'll fill up fast and he was right we
started into thursday on a Monday we
were packed and we're actually packed
before that but on Monday we came and it
was an amazing event and in Mobile
Alabama 35,000 people we started a hotel
ballroom that after about two minutes
that was no good because the people you
know they heard we were there we don't
have a long time you know we set it up
like a few days in advance sometimes but
in mobile we started off at a bar we
went to a convention center which held
ten thousand after about two hours we
realize that was gonna work to just went
to the football stadium the place was
packed you probably saw that so we we
just in Phoenix we have 15,000 people
it's been unbelievable you saw the other
one when we pulled the plane up in front
of the big hangover I was a mess of
anger place was packed we get a little
show with that plan I'll tell you that
was going to write that was a good
visual we everybody everybody loved it
but it was it was good that plane was
made in America we don't say that that's
going
so we had PPP 2825 you have Quinnipiac
my favorite Quinnipiac 2827 and as I
said CNN 3320 in my favor so I think
we're going to do great and i'm looking
forward to iowa and you know it down to
almost like for which can you believe
this I mean how quickly occurs when I
started on this journey who's actually
june sixteenth but thinking about it a
little before and it takes guts to run
for president really does especially get
on that a politician never did this
before I'm self funding by the way all
these guys that think they're all
bloodsuckers they're all taken money
they're all control they're all
controlled by the people to put up the
money believed me and I used to put up a
lot of money I paid three hundred and
fifty thousand to the Republican
Governors Association recently you know
just a little while ago during the year
and its
understand it but and I'm not blaming
anyone 22 system and its but it's a bit
system in terms of making our country
great again in terms of rebuilding what
we have to do the infrastructure in
terms of being smart like for instance
Putin said Trump is brilliant and drop
them
no I don't know if we did see well we
did do 60 minutes together now we
weren't together but he was on I was on
the same night we got great ratings by
the way even even CBS 2 I'll admit that
we got great read it but it was put in
trouble on sixty minute but he came out
of his brilliant Trump is leading the
pack dropped his deposit and my approach
is not terrible that he said what's
terrible let's get along with people
what is terrible will do fine believe me
we're gonna do fine but having russia on
our side instead of you know these guys
want to start some of them want to start
the third world war let's start third
world war let's have no fly zone let you
know this is what these guys wanted to
let you know what's up shooting down
everybody's airplanes over syria Homs
Syria I think maybe we have other ideas
but if they want to bomb my sis I said
night said this right from the beginning
you know it it russia wants to go and
buy my sister I agree if russia wants
the bomb meisters excuse me go ahead
Hey
and they don't like I was in a better
than we do for dinner you hear the whole
thing that we can't fight Syria and a
saw who's not a good guy but with
backing people to fight a sudden we have
no idea
look at hillary Clinton what happened
with Libya look at No
now look what you did with it you know
you take a look at you take a look at
you look at Obama's done with iraq I
mean a red is becoming did becoming a
force we gave them we gave them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars we
gave them everything they wanted we
didn't win anything we don't even get up
prisoners back and you look at that deal
and you just see gross incompetence
grows stupidity that's what it is and
now I ran is taking over Iraq and I said
that you know twenty I never put it
together and put things together really
quickly especially when it involves a
economic so I said that I ran made the
single greatest deal than I've ever seen
me and I'm not talking about country I'm
just saying our side was incompetently
represented the Persians a great
negotiators great negotiators and they
just beat us at every front they got
everything about self inspecting how
about that a self-respecting they're
gonna say no no we're not building
nuclear you can take a while and then on
the other case we have 24 hours but
before the 24 days before the 24 day
starts what happened we have to go
through a process and the process could
take a long time right so did so we made
this horrible deal and I keep talking
about what a horrible do then I said
wait a minute because of us and I was
against this from the beginning I'm the
most militaristic person in this room
but I always against right now I mean
look I gotta know you gotta do what you
doing
I'd like to build up on bill I'm gonna
build it up so strong so powerful
nobody's gonna mess with
and we're gonna take care of our vets
with my man where the hell is my man I
we gonna take care of our vets
we have our that in many cases are
treated worse than illegal to come
across a good good good that you know
that right
take good care of you know I don't know
if you saw that over the weekend in
Phoenix this is where a lot of bad news
came out two years ago and a lot of
dishonesty lot of corruption it worse
than ever just came out two days ago you
saw was in the news in it takes so long
to get a doctor people of dying dying
waiting to get a doctor or something
that could be a procedure or a pill or
something really little not a big deal
and they're dying and these are events
shies away this is why we hear these are
great people we gotta take care of its
so we're gonna take care of our vet and
you are holding me to that right you
better believe it now would have to take
care of it but we need to build its so
big so strong and you know the funny
thing is is that you build your military
really strong it's really the cheapest
thing you can do is you have to fight
nobody wants to mess with you I'd really
nobody want nobody's gonna mess right
now
general Odierno when he left he said our
country is the least prepared than it's
ever been talking about the army was on
television to get all these guys are you
know what if I had one of my generals
even if they're retiring if I had won I
don't say well week even if we r don't
say we're week he should wear the least
prepared I think he said in history
maybe from ww2 almost like what
difference does it make to hell of a
long time but with the least prepared to
have her ever and I'm saying even if
it's true don't say don't see why would
the enemy why do we have to have that on
television and then we had the other day
showing how tough it's going to be I see
so many of these people on television
you know there are certain words to
describe what's happening with our
country and I used to say we're in
competently led I gave up the wording
company because it's really not good
enough
what's the word we use
bit so we have to be you know what's so
important we have to be unpredictable
but too predictable even these guys I
get up before these debates and some of
these oh and by the way debates ok look
at it see the ball drop on top that's
just because it's my paper but on the
bottom they have make America great
again
GOP debate who won in the policies are
all separate drug use an incredible guy
drudge forty-six percent now you gotta
send again
1560 people 46% time magazine that was
on the cover for weeks ago they do
nothing for me believe me that they
should have been many of the above right
everyone says I don't say it I said
they'll never pick me because I'm not
establishment they played thank you I'll
be your man
let you know I really want to be a year
from now couple years from now when we
want to straighten this mess out and
then let him so
time magazine 49 / 51 syracuse.com 49
USC News and World Report 69% PBS public
broadcasting how people think oh these
post because there are like to go to do
immediately right they think I'm sitting
by the phone calling in there getting a
hundred thousand calls I'm not making
that many calls I'm not going to spend
that much money is not worth it so
anyway PBS 69% so i won the debate right
Washington Times 62% CBS 59% Fox 5 Las
Vegas 62% and New Jersey dot com 49%
think of it
think of it I mean and then I go home
and I watch these very very dishonest
people well trouble is ok and he was ok
not be the best night not his best night
I said what I did you write you know how
about bush where he makes a commercial
you know he's trying to show he's tough
tough trying to show his energy I said
you doing better you keep going another
20 years you know he's trying to show
you how you make a commercial about me
he spending millions and millions of
dollars ok and yes me standing there and
he's making his doing all the talking
because when I'm ready to talk where
every time I talked he got killed but
where I'm ready to talk they don't have
any talking so you will do this you will
do that and don't forget to talk show
they just had me standing there like
this you remember when I talked I said
wait a minute I'm at 42% your two
percent
you started off over here next to me now
you falling off the end of the stage
of how dishonest that's actually
dishonest advertising how do you do with
the commercial where you're talking but
he could have you talked i mean where
everybody should I won the debate and by
the way you know last in the debate came
out I think it was bush he came in last
in a bush bush or cases I'm not sure
which one but one of them came out well
I think those bush came out with one
percent voted for it was just family his
family now but and I don't think he's a
bad person I really don't but we you
know we can go by this anymore we gotta
we gotta get this done we don't need we
need people that really know what the
hell did doing we need people we need
people that are gonna take back our jobs
from China from Mexico from Japan
Vietnam we need it so so but he might
get a just cause I turned on I'm coming
up today and I see the television and
the Saanich over and over and over again
I keep look I don't even watch its
myself I always watch things when I'm on
right I can't even watch it anymore just
turn it off it's so boring but again
he's saying I don't get a chance to
answer so what's the purpose of an ad
like that now most people saw the debate
right so you know
so I think it has no impact that a no
you know I spent ten million or 18
million or something on ads it's going
to be very interesting what's happening
again
get out of here is another one so the
press here how it feels very dishonest
people they're very bad people some are
fine but for the most part these are
really sleaze bags these are bad people
know that bad
bad I go to stadiums we fill up stadiums
and I tell the cameras to turn the
cameras that they won't turn the campers
they won't tell them they don't show how
many people and all the time I say it my
wife she said with the many people there
tonight should we did you watch it I was
like I said you didn't show it again and
I don't turn the camp they want but if
there's a protester one protester will
stand up in a corner of the room or in a
corner of the stadium and only time I
actually like protesters cause the only
time you see how many people are there
is when there's a project for you know
they focus on my face which I don't like
I don't like that I wanted to see the
crowd let the crowd better than my face
and we all can I tell you right I love
you too doll exactly how I wanted it so
we had an interesting because you have a
very dishonest newspaper reports also
failing this paper is going down the two
Brewers I remember when this was a big
paper look at the size of this thing is
if they cut it down anymore you won't be
able to find it it looks like the things
you know when you go to the grocery
store where they give you a little hand
out what do they call that coupons
so this guy his name's Joe McQuaid
he's he's a low life I'm telling you
here's what happened is what up I'll
tell you when so I thought he was he's
useless I thought he was fine I thought
he was an aggressive guy he'd call me he
talked to me he'd want me to come up and
make a speech in new hampshire I do it
he asked me to help James Foley which I
like very much a given a big
contribution to his parents as parents
are great people he asked me to speak at
that event I spoke at that event he
asked me to do many many things she go
through a whole litany of things then he
said would you do me a big favor would
you come to I'm gonna have a debate now
debated before I never did get a job
reduce I built jobs and put the great
company and if I didn't do a great
company wouldn't I wouldn't be talking
I'm not a debate that's why I'm so
impressive in winning all these debates
but a lot of its common sense I mean
let's face it right but i'm i'm a job
producer
I'll be the greatest jobs president that
God ever created that I could
but this guy mcquaid edge and I go and I
see he's doing very badly tells me the
papers doing terribly which it is doing
very badly he's gonna move out of his
face or something but the building is
like an empty building and it's doing
but I i dont care about this and then he
calls me up very short time ago and he
said would you do me a favor what cause
I have 10 million between Facebook and
Twitter more than 10 million people have
a big following to put a month he said
could you do me a favor
chris Christie is not on the big stage
could you tweet that he should be I
think it just now he may try and deny it
but it's awfully tough I didn't put it
there from I'll go check out I said you
don't want me to do that i mean it
sounds a little bit strange for me to
sit be saying you're supposed to get on
there by yourself right he said well I'd
consider the favor I tweet it would be
nice to have chris Christie on the stage
and I felt like a little weird people
call me what you do thats why I said joe
mcquaid from the figure I'll get some
better treatment right then he asked me
for different things and then he asks me
he said would you play a round of golf
with me up in new hampshire at his
course he's a member of a quick so I
said I can't take that much time do not
like President Obama the guys out
forever
I just can't take that much time I said
I can't spend the whole day playing golf
I just can't do it he said would you
would you then come and have lunch with
me at this club nice club and very nice
I said alright so I come up I made a
speech I was with a group that wasn't so
bad I didn't go over you have lunch and
i meeting you know writing me all over
the place he's not writing is walking me
all over the place saying hello to
different people this is Trump this trip
I'm not break I'm just saying he's
having a good time right I'm sitting
there i order hamburgers this is all
about him were gonna hamburger I think
he paid for the meal to be served all I
can tell it he said well he didn't you
look like you know what hit him I
believe in hitting back to think so
look at look at this lease with all of
the things I do somebody is the big
thing so he's doing a debate or has he
calls it a forum and it's like the night
before facts and the facts they
everybody's talking about it all over
the world for months and it's becoming
bigger and bigger didn't used to be
bigger than what I got involved it
became right i mean variety all the
hollywood things they should the truck
debate that ok so number one i didnt
really wanna come up here but I was
young when I said Joe I can't do it I'm
not doing that I wrote another set of
not doing it I don't feel good about
doing it I don't know how it pertains
and actually it was a disaster
very few people went and got very very
very low ratings almost nobody watched
and Bush had a bad night I'm not talking
about it but he had a horrible night he
shouldn't have done the debate was very
bad for him but they did it because the
union leader they figure has some power
it used that power was run by the local
family they did a great job but it's
lost its power i think i mean I don't
know maybe it doesn't maybe it has more
power than I think but I think you know
i watch the sky and honestly is a loser
so so so you want me to come up into the
debate and I said I really don't think
it's appropriate and I school speak to
the people at Fox how would you feel if
I went into it they weren't exactly
thrilled because they want to have the
big first debate that I wanna have been
debating
and anyway I didn't do it I think I was
the only one something by satellite I
think I was the only way downtown is
that would do well in iran has it worked
out that way for them either but they
did by satellite and it was over was
that nobody cared and it was very again
looked at the seats are a lot of empty
seats in the auditorium and it was a
disaster
ok I should get credit for that vision
they call that vision ok I'm the only
one that didn't do the corporation just
like vision was don't go into Iraq even
though you're strong in the military
don't go directly to destabilize the
Middle East vision was writing about
Osama bin Laden and in my book in 2000
nobody ever had a so-so I wrote about
Osama bin Laden Joe Scarborough a great
post in the morning you know Morning Joe
Wright he talking about two years before
the World Trade Center came to somebody
should have gone out and gotten them and
I wrote about because I would see him
and I would read about him and he was a
very threatening guy is this guy out but
I wrote about him that's what you need
ok but I should get credit for not doing
the debate said into the debate he was
really furious he was very very angry
and I am a nice letter afterwards I said
sorry I just can't and it probably means
you wanted to ask me but I can't do it
ok but in the meantime I've done all
these things I made big contributions to
charity
I came up I made speeches with him I
thought I get along with a friend and
then what happens so tell me what
happens he endorses Christie and that
was ok and I think that was going to
happen because when he called me up
couple of months ago to see if I can get
Christie onto the main stage i said i
think is going to ask Christy right why
would he be doing that and the first
time I met with him he said I'll never
endorse Christie and the reason he said
that he hated that Christie embraced
Obama's so strongly before the election
right before the election I happen to
think I don't know if it cost him the
election but it cost them a lot of oats
and there are many people that think
that that endorsement when Obama went to
New Jersey that that endorsement was
responsible for the loss of the
republican party and Romney I mean it it
was certainly not good
fact when I saw it right when I saw it I
said I think he's going to vote for
Obama
I actually called a friend of mine who's
involved with him I said as he voted for
Obama I mean it was honestly was
terrible was without the flood that
barricade and Obama went to New Jersey
and it was like he was like a little
child Christie was like he was so right
now but he was so the only only in new
hampshire only in so anyway but but it's
got spirit by the way you're ok ok I
didn't I did not give her that I think
it's very cool but so I said he told me
that I was terrible and I said I came
out a long time ago when I first met you
I think the first time I wait I said I
really think that you know the one
person I get outdoors is Chris because
he couldn't stand back that he did this
anyway so why he did what he did is he
endorsed Christine that's trying i mean
you can do it but he doesn't understand
the star-ledger which is the big paper
in New Jersey said he was made a mistake
there must be something wrong nobody
called us you've had tremendous
downgrades either nine or 11 downgrades
of the bugs its number of 50 out of 50
in terms of economic development and in
terms of the economy it's like one of
the worst in the country for jobs it's a
disaster I have property in New Jersey
the taxes are through the roof they are
through the roof and you go through it
so you have Obama I don't put my call it
a hug mentally it was like it was
unbelievable he was like a little boy oh
I'm with the president
memory flew in a helicopter he was all
excited to be in the helicopter I said I
would have put you in my helicopters
much nicer
no I thought it was a terrible thing ok
so what else happened to George
Washington Bridge now he's got three or
four people there with him every day you
a lot of you people you have companies
your friends and you with the friends
everyday right and your breakfast he
would have lunch or breakfast with him
all the time and dinner with this little
group of you know his cabinet now the
George Washington Bridge is the largest
in the United States and is the most
traveled on bridge I believe in the
united states right they wanted as
retribution for the mayor of Fort Lee
New Jersey they want to close it I don't
know why because I think about the mayor
of Fort Lee nobody even knows it's in
fort lee began to think about the
governor of New Jersey's doing a bad job
but they close the bridge now you just
put yourself in a common-sense mode you
are with your cabinet you with him all
the time they're closing the biggest
bridge in the United States most
traveled on bridge one of them in the
world and most traveled on the United
States you doing that and you're not
telling the governor and you with them
all the time you think governor by the
way they're closing the George
Washington Bridge tonight no no you
having lunch and you don't happen to
bring it up
does anybody believe that honestly is
there one person no no is there a 1%
chance and and I'm not you know I have
been friends with Christy but when
mcquaid who's really christie's lap dog
I will tell you that's all it is first
of all I know you're happy he's up here
because he's up here but you know the
people in New Jersey want to throw out
of office running New Jersey where where
a disaster state we're going to have a
governor's up in new hampshire every
single day having town hall meeting soon
to be doing it in New Jersey in all
fairness ok I mean we love new hampshire
but he shouldn't be up here all the time
he supposed to be he supposed to be
running the state so what happened what
happens is mcquaid into asses chris said
it was a really strange endorsement
because again
11 or nine out of nine down
it's the worst thing and I think that
it's an incredible circumstance so that
was okay too but the star-ledger a whole
big thing about how could they possibly
do it and they said he's one of the
worst governors in the history of the
site how could they possibly do this
endorsement how could they possibly do
it they didn't understand it and they
said they never even called us you don't
normally get called the big newspaper
that's a big newspaper in New Jersey and
it said what do you think well it was a
strange thing ok so what happens is the
following I think it that's ok but I've
been really nice website I don't I can I
get killed i get absolutely kill that I
just got right up front page story about
me a lot of the twenty said is really
good tough tough tough and you know we
need a little toughness now but
diameter a dying paper and then again
this was a big power here years ago
although think of this in 36 years since
1980 ok think that since nineteen eighty
they've picked one president was ronald
reagan they endorsed one guy who ran and
won for presents 001 @ of a thirty
six-year period right they've got one
and then I can win this time that I can
tell you okay I mean one thing I'll say
I one thing I say they didn't pick the
guys gonna have been easy we're gonna
win right now so I just finished her
story hello
okay thank you
you
and the next day the next time it
happened right now now the next the next
time it happened I said be nice
be really nice don't hurt please don't
hurt em be nice
the next said this trip is a much weaker
person than we thought I can't wait so
you're too tough for you to whatever but
I will just tell you so I said there's
no way because I did so much for this
guy a sleaze bag
there's no way you'll say badly about me
because you know i mean he actually told
a big announcer that Trump is a
wonderful guy can you believe it that he
writes just up so he's control and I
just have to tell you to paper it's not
a good paper you know it's dying I don't
think it's going to be in business more
than two years he told me it's doing its
gotta move out of the building and the
whole thing they let John and some other
guys go that a fantastic people event is
the greatest but I just won't tell you I
think it's a very disloyal act when
you're nice to a person if we if we
endorse Christie I don't care I mean
that's up to him but you don't go and
try and hurt somebody that's been
helping you and that really has done a
good job
ok you don't do that so here you can
have a power
that's all it's worth garbage ok
so we are going to make our country
strong we're gonna make it great what
going to make it safe now what has
happened and it's interesting because I
had a big boost in the polls as a 28 now
I'm at 39 and the CNN and I'ma 42 and
morning consult and others and what
happened is Paris what happened is
california where these radicalized
people went wild and you know what I did
I said we have to find out what's going
on folks we have to find out what's
going on this too much hatred this too
much anger this too much killing we have
to find out what's going on I mean we
can continue to be nice and stupid and
and just so often you know our country's
gonna go to hell
mean we have these people coming in from
Syria when nobody knows anything about
them they young a strong mostly men you
look at this migration it looks like an
army I mean you don't see many women you
don't see many children you look at the
man they're not as strong as you by the
way you looked stronger but you look at
these Mendes strong fit they look
physically fit you actually say why are
they back home fighting for their
country you know what are they doing so
we're bringing them in and then you saw
that have cell phones some of the many
of them have cell phones and they have
the ISIS flag on it
ok they have I don't know if you saw
that one and then you saw where they've
they've come up with a counterfeiting of
our passports did you see that where
they actually have our passports and
they have a printing machine now it is
not stupid people we need smart people
we need tough but we need smart tough is
no good we need tough we need smart we
need really smart because these are not
stupid people so now they have our past
but they make up in splits isn't that
nice of them Isis and then we take
people in and we know sometimes there
with Isis and they come back and they're
fighting freshest trying to kill friends
of us kill us
eventually they just as they would have
to go away for let's just do it at home
and when you think about it we let them
back into the country now we know there
I said why are we letting them back in I
gotta tell you one of the first thing
I'm doing then that coming back in they
go out a gun
now terrible it's terrible so when I
started all my campaign was very much
about economic development and we're
gonna stop with China who is just just
absolutely ripping us after say that R
is ripping like we have a trade
imbalance we have a deficit with China
almost five hundred billion dollars a
year
deaths in other words 500 billion and
then I hear people say free trade under
free-trader
people don't know but you want I want
free trade but I want to be like smart
rate likely to break even all even take
breaking even but I don't want to lose
five hundred and five billion dollars a
year for the privilege of getting ripped
off by China I don't want that it's not
going to happen that's not gonna happen
with Japan you know they send us their
cars we have all by the way we have all
the carts we have all the cards but we
have people that don't have any idea
about negotiation or or they bought off
by the lobbyists and by the special
interest groups I actually said nobody
can be that incompetent you know some of
these deals we make folks it's not
because they're incompetent actually
very competent for themselves but
they're not really incompetent they are
lobbyists this special interests when
somebody gives Hillary you know ten
million dollars and five million dollars
are two million dollars and they're on
wall street and you know she's trying to
go back a little bit she's trying to go
to the left a little bit because she's
got this wack job that's whack code
named Bernie Sanders he was telling
people well trouble and I have some of
the same people I don't think there's
too many Bernie Sanders
well
we have a few diff although he does
agree that we're getting ripped off and
that's one thing I'll say the one thing
I he's very strong you know he deals
with the problem is he can't do anything
about the report he won't be able to do
anything I'm really good at that stuff
that's what I do but you know the one
big thing he wants to double and triple
you taxes and give everybody everything
free and you're going to pay for it your
taxes are gone through the roof
we can't do it and I'm cutting your
taxes down very very low you saw my tax
plan would cutting business taxes down
wood cutting all of them so i cant
imagine this guy has a chance but I
heard yesterday he's trying to get some
my people and I said I don't know she
talked about the same people that I'm
talking about I don't think so
so anyway what he wants to do massive
massive massive tax increases and people
don't talk about that and hillary
clinton doesn't talk about it and the
reason i'm talking about it I think you
know I'm saying this and I really mean
she does she does not mean it when she
talks about it was it was so funny today
where they actually ABC's not wanting
Trump so badly but I will tell you and
I'm telling you this strongly first of
all she has committed a criminal act
what she did with the emails is criminal
according to every single person that
I've met and knows his stuff and and not
just in one day and Benghazi also on the
Benghazi was different
Benghazi she was too lazy to answer
phone calls remember a commercial about
the phone ring it just watch even answer
if she did you see where the ambassador
since seven hundred or five hundred
calls and emails everything and yet she
spoke to a friend many times but they
had they said they were in trouble and
many many emails were coming she never
responded and remember that commercial
is a pretty famous commercial who do you
trust tonight obviously didn't trust her
because Obama her
Obama
I want to find a way that word that's a
common word of the enemies to be beaten
badly I will give the president and by
the way all show NPR ok National Public
Radio one of the most revered MCS
political people one of the most revered
used it and he is the exact same where
even the EDF en to him it was ok for
drug was horrible but what it means is
to be beaten badly and that's what I
guess it has other meanings but it means
and when I met is to be beaten badly I
won't use it again today we don't want
to make that the store we want to make
other things the story but but but if
you look at what's going on and you see
what's happening we have all of the
power economically we have tremendous
power because China remember this it's
one of the greatest chefs in the history
of the world what china has done to our
country one of the greatest steps if you
look at what mexico is doing good
country it's a mini version of what john
has I mean and you people know better
because you know all the jobs went down
to mexico you know practically better
than anybody cuz they came right in new
hampshire they came out of New England
and you have suffered because of crazy
policies and it doesn't and it doesn't
help us so with mexico we have the wall
we have the butcher we gonna do
everything right they don't respect us
more by doing that they had a respect us
more by doing what we're going to do I
tell the story with boorda's everybody
know that the forts and just simple
they gonna bill again and it's such a
great story because it's so simple but
forged it has been two and a half
billion dollars building a plant to
mexico so that means you get close
different plants mostly in Michigan I
guess and how does it help us and then
we take their cars trucks and parts no
tax no nothing like people that don't
know what they're doing they just drive
them but you know next thing that could
have the illegals driving right across
the board
modest well if Hillary gets in that's
what's going to happen for 20 buildings
plan and the illegals will drive the
cars right in and they'll probably give
him the car to you know they won't give
them they won't give them to our vet but
the given to the illegal so I tell you
know so I said that's not going to
happen and I kill the serb just doing an
abbreviated caused a lot of you heard it
but a lot of people didn't hear but it's
so good two and a half billion dollars
for spending and it do it
spending it in Mexico by the way nabisco
now it's closing its big plant in
Chicago and then moving it to mexico y
when never gonna have an Oreo right no
more no more Oreos know which is a good
thing not a bad thing that's good in a
lot of different ways but so with Ford
so they could do they could send the
question is what happens when Hillary
gets call and she knows I mean to sound
stupid people she does us no good for
our country but her lobbyists and
special interests are all getting paid
by different companies including Ford
and various and they gonna say you can't
just super PACs to cricket super PACs
how crooked of those super PACs man they
are bad news they are so crooked their
bad news we had super PAC setup for
Trump I didn't even know who the hell do
people were you see people on television
one of them did the art of the deal pack
2 nice-looking young guys I told Fox
shooting it to view it look like I don't
know what they gonna do with the money
people to send the money I have no idea
what they're going to do i mean some of
the candidates have their super PACs no
running their campaigns they've given up
but the super PACs are running and I
think it's I guess it's not correct
they're not supposed to be doing it I
guess you could say it's illegal but
you're not supposed to be doing it but
these super PACs are out of control so
with for it so forth
has this plant and Hillary let's say
finds out and she said what I wanted i
dont wanna don't wanna and then he'll be
called by one of our donors by special
interest lobbies and so we gave you five
million dollars you can't do that that
would be very disloyal etcetera and
bottom line is they will fold
hundred-percent like a hundred percent
with me I don't think any of their money
I have turned down so much money it
sickens me to think of it as my whole
life now my whole life has been taking
money that's what I do with business
people take money take take take some
people said he plays too tough game we
need somebody's gotta play we play we do
it it's a game I you know to certain
point and now I want to put that
whatever that is I want to put it to use
so that we get rid of some of the
nineteen trillion which by the way it's
going to 21 trillion and did you see
what was past two weeks ago
won't happen here we are you know ok so
we're disappointed Democrats I'm more
disappointed the republicans that the
republicans let that get past the visas
the syrians also funded the everything
the border coming through everything is
funded everything is funded that is one
of the most disgraceful things i've seen
and it took what 24 hours it was like
done you know these republicans are
going to go down I'm going public at
some of the likely cause I tell the
truth they're going to go down to
washington and they raised their hand
against Obamacare didn't do it they were
gonna kill Obamacare they didn't do it
you learn how to judge it should have
done it
judge roberts he didn't do it they
didn't do it
he had two chances to do it first time
hundred-percent second time would have
made it so would have gone it's gonna go
anyway here's the good news is going
anyway but it's going to be very now
it's going you know the beautiful thing
about if I run and if I win so I run and
I said this before I just said if I run
and if I win I'll be able to undo his
horrible rules and regulations that have
been crippling our businesses you see I
hope so because I'm working my ass off
this guy
this beautiful young guy he's not going
to be voting for another 10 years but
I'll tell you what I appreciated his
daddy make America great again I
appreciate it now but I am working and
working really hard and frankly I'm
doing it because I wanna put I always
had a talent at getting things good and
I've had a talent that money and we need
it we have to have a talent and I made
the statement about a month ago I said
we want to make our country rich again
and then we're gonna make a gradient and
a woman came up as you said mr. Trump
that sounds recruit to say we gotta make
it rich we can make a debtor nation
right now where a third world nation if
you look at our school system where 28
position we spend the most per student
by far
second is so far behind us and we're
number 28 in the world in schools ok and
by the way
Common Core guy on guy
comment cards Second Amendment yes we're
keeping Second Amendment
you know Obama is looking to do in my
opinion an executive order on the second
amendment I think he's looking cuz he
cant get the support and i think i think
thats gonna be a prob that could be a
tough one for him I think he's gonna try
and do a second does some kind of an
executive order in the second amendment
just based on what I'm feeling and what
I'm saying and I'll tell you
that's gonna be a rough one because
there's nobody more impassioned than the
people that believe strongly in the
second amendment tell you about the
second amendment if in California or in
Paris frankly I mean we're not talking
second embarrassed but when these
animals came in then they started
shooting into various places in Paris if
we had a couple of people like you and
like a couple of people two or three you
guys definitely you guys they would've
gotten off the first shot this guy they
woulda got the first shot but you know
what it was a bit Paris and France have
the toughest gun laws in the world they
say nobody is going to accept the
biggest ok so they walked in with AK
forty-sevens a walk in with all this
stuff and you know they haven't they
bring it is not so hard to get it in if
you don't mind breaking the law they
were the only ones with any weapons and
they had big weapons big weapons
powerful weapons hundred and thirty
people dead many world war gonna die you
know yet people that are hanging by a
thread in hospital and they were just
shooting people randomly and then the
press close to guide the head guy with a
dirty had caused him a message of mine
and I've been hitting them so hard at it
don't call me mister man because they
are playing the internet better than we
do you know we are the we we invented
the internet they played better than we
do they radicalized people over the
internet so I said to him I said look
don't call the press don't call me mr.
mine and I've been saying that for three
weeks and I don't hear anyone I said
he's a low-class sleaze bag who happens
to be dead right now and I called the
guy with the dirty had ok because that's
a good expression and they go in and
they go in they go in and they should
people now if one of you folks had a gun
strapped to your waist or spit on your
ankle strapped out to your ankle and you
could say look at that that's not good
and they received a little fire would
have been people hurt but it would have
been a very small number by compassion
and I know one thing they will they
would be gone that would be done but we
don't have that and when you think about
it
same thing in california they walk into
a room with no guns no anything innocent
people that if they were friends
these people through them like an
anniversary party or something i mean
this is a sickness going there is a sick
this cut this radicalization is very
this is real sickness doubt I say it's a
sickness that's not nice it's kind of
folks this something wrong we gotta find
out what's going wrong
this something really bad happening this
something bad so they go into shoot all
those people 14 16 people dead others
going to die and they should now if a
couple of people have guns in that room
it would have been that way it would
have been that way even a you need to
have everybody if a few of the people
had guns it wouldn't have been that way
and you could say that for every about
the army base with a sick soldiers were
killed and two of them were like
world-class I mean these are top of the
line shoulders one of the boys
world-class marksmen and they had a gun
free zone on a military base you believe
it first thing I'll do first thing I'll
do we take care of our vets were gonna
take care of our police because the
police have been mistreated terribly
and we are gonna and gun-free zones on
military bases and Scott and day one
that'll end day one that that's an
executive order of I ever saw one that's
gonna and a one so when I'm with friends
from New York liberal you know they say
well we're going well and then I go into
pairs I said ok let's assume that we're
Paris and the shooting this and
everybody standing there like how
pleased and missing you overhear book
you is what was happening come over here
boom boom boom nobody could do anything
nobody could do anything they were they
were helpless it was horrible when you
hear the stories it was horrible I
explained that these guys these people
that want to knock out the Second
Amendment they've moved the debate so
badly that they embarrass anyone to talk
as if it's in front of people didn't
talk about it let's go to a different
subject sailors in the next day or so if
you change in my no no they don't change
your mind and I'm not even saying that
but people there something going on
there there's something wrong but we are
going to have a strong second amendment
we are going to keep it we're not going
to let him play with the bullets you
know they want to take away the bullets
that one of the concepts you know
because it doesn't necessarily talk
about bullet so they want to take away
your ammunition we're gonna have a
strong second amendment we're gonna have
it and it's better for the country its
strong it's good I have two young sons
hunters they are they've been the NRA
for so long so my butt but they've been
there for so long
and you know hillary wants to take away
your guns that is such a bad thing she
wants to take away your guns folks and I
i tell you what you know they say the
republicans have a structural problem we
do it's harder for a republican to and
we have a strip certain structural
problems but they what when you talk
about the guns when you talk about the
Common Core when you talk about
different things that we have we have
some big advantages over them we really
have some big big advantages but the
guns are going to be safe
another thing that's going to be safe is
this great state so I want to tell you
it's gonna be as good as I said it's
going to be and I'm telling you it's
going to be in you know what's going on
and it's going in and lots of circles
where they want to and I don't know why
but they want to do something bad to new
hampshire it's not gonna happen if I
went that I can tell you I give you my
word never gonna have never gonna
so I just want to finish by by saying
that we're gonna be strong we're gonna
be smart but we have to be unpredictable
so I'll go to these debates and I have
some of these people some are excellent
in summer I will please you know you
know the ones I'm talking about real
sleaze Mr Trump what do you think of
this that that is that that's not like a
question that's a statement we know who
they are but you know what I say to him
and I say it strongly I say we have to
be unpredictable they're saying what
would you do with that I was going to
bomb the hell out of the UL but I had to
say it eventually that's one problem I
had to say it and now people are saying
I've been saying it for years but I
don't want to say everything I wanna be
unpredictable I wanna be general pat
down wanna be general douglas macarthur
we want to go in we don't want them to
know what the hell were doing we have to
go in and a lot of people love it when I
say that you know it's it's the kind of
thing and the kind of thing and then the
and then the MCS again announcing and
say well he didn't know that I dunno I
knew so much remember Osama bin Laden in
my book remember mom the oil for years
I've been saying it but I said bombing
keeping ok this is different because I
wanted to give a lot of the money to the
vets and the families of the vet said
were work Ill
and to the Wounded Warriors I mean these
are the greatest people the way they go
through life and a big smile on that
face I wanted to give plenty and we have
so much left would have so much but I
want to keep it but look we're going to
do something I'm so happy I did this i
really was torn I said to my wife I said
to my wife on June 6 thank you I
appreciate I appreciate but I said to my
wife I said boy and it dropped out I
went down the famous escalator were she
was elegant and I was waving and and
it's a pretty famous scene now and we
went right from day one we hit it on the
head and we took a lot of heat and a lot
of abuse and everyone's now coming back
same thing with the Muslim situation I
get a lot of heat to three days he said
people don't you know maybe he's right
now they're all talking about somebody
had to bring it up and I'll tell you
what if I don't bring it up would have
never been brought up ok and we have
muslims a wonderful we have one
wonderful people but there's something
going on there they have to turn in like
trenches these people in california
people know we had bombs all over the
floor people know why did they turn them
in turn them in because it's their
culture there around each other they see
each other they know what's going to get
a tournament you can't have people dying
you can't let this happen so I brought
it up when I brought in about illegal
immigration you wouldn't even have that
as a topic if I didn't bring it and
nobody was even talking about it and it
turns out to be
a very big so I I just finished by
saying this it's so important that on
february eighth ninth you what you
should do in February 8 stand there is
you know what you're gonna have you can
have tremendous you have tremendous
numbers of those problems but it's so
important that you get there early and
are troubling night you get in and vote
it's so important because you know
otherwise it's just all a big waste of
time I got a call from one of the most
prominent reporters and very highly
respected and he said to me who I don't
know but he's one of the most probably
one of the most respected in the world
actually and I took his call and he said
how does it feel I said has what feel he
said what you've done nobody else has
ever ever done in the history of policy
and and even the other day as CNN said
number one story from NBC said number
one story so many other number one
search trumped-up ok that's fine but you
know what he said how does it feel like
I said I don't know what you read he
said what you've done I did look what
I've done doesn't mean anything if I
don't want it does to me to me I really
does it they said no and he said no no
it doesn't matter if you win or lose
what you've done is you've changed the
whole dialogue you've changed everything
you've changed politics as we know it
and I want to know how you feel I say I
will let you know after I went because
honestly unless I win it doesn't mean a
damn thing to me I can tell you that I
could graduate so you'll get one of
these you'll get one of these other
candidate up here and they have thirty
people forty people 28 people it's true
I see it we had a thing where we had
four thousand five hundred people in new
hampshire and Bush was down the road
meaning like 30 miles down the road you
know it's new hampshire so long way but
thirty miles down the road and hit a
hundred and nine people we had for 4,500
people this is a movement this is a an
unbelievable thing is happening I don't
even use the term silent majority
because there really a noisy group of
people they want
and and to a large extent this is true
the American dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and stronger more
powerful more beautiful than ever more
beautiful
and just to finish we are going to make
America great again I love you I love
you thank you everybody I love you get
out and vote the night thank you thank
you thank you everybody

talking to somebody that I talked to
report a good report
and I said I don't think you know for
all of the self-funding I don't think
people even understand it I don't think
that most people appreciate the fact I'm
the only one democrat or republican that
sell funds right and I'm saying I don't
know if it's appreciated i dont know cuz
it seems to be but I can't tell you cuz
I was on the other side of the spectrum
for a long time and I gave a lot of
money over the years to politicians the
bloodsuckers I call it I gave a lot I
gave a lot of money over the years I
gave recycled three hundred and fifty
thousand to the Republican Governors
Association I gave money to everyone and
by the way as a business person
especially from the standpoint of
Countrywide worldwide to give to
everybody you want everybody to love you
you always do that you have to have an
obligation to your company your
employees to your family to everybody
but I just wonder self funding right it
does matter doesn't it doesn't it I
think
cause I never understood whether or not
the people really understand it whether
or not the people that do really get it
because I want to tell you when you
looking to pass legislation or oil or
drugs or something and I'll tell you a
story that I heard recently a friend of
mine came up and he's in the
pharmaceutical business and he said to
me and very successful guy he said to be
80 Donald terrible thing happens when
the united states which is the largest
buyer of drugs meaning drugs to make
people better prescription drugs
etcetera everything they don't negotiate
the price so even if the largest buyer
in the world but they don't negotiate
the price they buy things almost as
though you went to your local drugstore
and took it off the shelf that's the
price and they said how is that possible
no I immediately knew why but if it were
that way if we did negotiate let's say
we did a favorite nation's laws ok
meeting the person that buys whatever
drug for the lowest price during that
year that's the price the United States
will pay ok now we should pay less but
at least it if we do that will save
about three hundred billion dollars
though can you believe that no can you
believe that one so you talk about
medicare you talking about all those
different you know they say we can't do
this weekend to that somebody said why
is it now I was even surprised at that
and I'm a pretty skeptical guy when it
comes to politics and politicians cause
I know politicians better than anybody
in the world those but somebody said
well donald's not experience I said to
experience I've been dealing with these
guys all my life I know so they said how
is it possible that something like that
could happen how is it possible version
of the drug companies are massive donors
to the politicians so if you look at
Johnson and Johnson and you look at
these different companies they give to
the politicians so why do the
politicians do no no you can't negotiate
you have to pay effectively you have to
pay retail it's so simple that will end
on day one
ok that was formed a terrible it's
terrible you know government spending
people talk about budgets to politicians
it took about budgets so government
spending billions and billions and
billions of dollars can be cut in hours
and hours yes it down folks relax we're
gonna be here for I'll be here so I by
the way I came in so we came in I landed
we drove here from the airport
you have the most beautiful churches
i've seen i mean these churches
seriously no the churches there were
three of four they were so beautiful so
I almost want to just go in and pray but
I figured I'd be late and you would like
that ok but you have honestly the most
beautiful churches coming in speaking of
that Christianity as you know is under
siege it's under seige we're not going
to let it happen we're not gonna be I
would like a letter that you know I've
been telling people we're going to start
saying Merry Christmas again a Christmas
we're gonna start saying it was shot
undersea you know what happened and I
was with pastors and ministers resettle
and a whole group there a lot of
endorsements with the evangelicals I'm
leading nationwide in the polls and
people say wow Donald they don't know
they don't understand people people
don't understand I have an unbelievable
relationship jerry falwell junior just
endorse me which was a great endorsement
pastor Jeff Francis Lewis is a great guy
pass to Jeffery said so many but we're
leaving with a weird number one with
evangelicals and they they want to have
somebody that's going to protect the
country they want to have somebody
that's gonna make great trade deals they
want to have somebody that's gonna get
rid of Obamacare and do something we
have so many alternatives I don't know
if you've seen what's happened some of
you have because people come up to me
that dropping at El even have lost a
fortune
it's going to die in seventeen anyway
unless the republicans continue to
extend didn't read it money but people
are going up 25 35 45 percent with the
premiums going up and look at what's
happening they're not getting denied
getting coverage of not getting proper
care I mean it's so bad it's so bad it's
not working if you are run over by a
truck
you probably won't be able to use your
insurance so we're gonna get rid of it
would replace it with something that's
going to be great but what happened what
happened with the church's what happened
with the church's is president johnson
put in a bill that really has everybody
nervous because it makes them a
political entity they lose their
tax-exempt status so they actually have
less power than the people sitting here
because that doesn't happen to us and I
said how could you let it happen
the church has such incredible power in
this country if they used it if they've
been together but they don't band
together and I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure they don't ban together because
they're afraid to lose their tax-exempt
status and I said to him recently
had fifty ministers come up and pastors
come up to my office and we SAT around
talked for two hours was amazingly so
interesting I have such tremendous
support with MSA folks you have probably
two hundred and fifty million you have a
bigger lobby than women and you have a
bigger lobby than men that's not bad
right I said and you don't have real
power if I would have said what I said
which a lot of people respect and I said
with respect when I talked about radical
Islamic terrorism and people respected
we have a president that won't use the
term you won't talk about it you never
going to solve the problem unless you
talk about it but if I would have said
that talking about the muslims if I
would have said the same things about
Christians I wouldn't have the same
approach hard to believe the whole thing
is ridiculous we had a pick up a couple
of you might remember that a couple of
months ago because things are going gone
and I talked temporary but things are
going on there are bad this hatred that
nobody's ever seen anything like this
when you fly planes into the World Trade
Center you fly planes into the Pentagon
the third plane I have to tell you these
were brave people they took it down
probably heading to the white house they
think but there's an anger out there
when you look at Paris and you have
these thugs walk in and kill a hundred
and thirty people with many many people
in hospitals that are so gravely injured
many more will die when you look at
california few weeks ago with the
radicalized couple they say she
radicalized him who cares what do these
people come from nowhere do they come
from where do they come from
and then President Obama yesterday goes
to a mosque and he apologizes I mean
what what's going on
we have to write
not only goes in and he apologizes and
you know it's all fine but we have to
find out what's going on when we have
the migration and you look at this and
it's very sad and we should build safe
centers we should build safe zones in
Syria but we have a migration and you
look and you see so many young strong
men and they say where the women and the
children are you have but you have in
disproportionately small numbers and
then you have a president wants to take
him in by the thousands and we are know
where they come from who they are
it may be a Trojan horse it maybe Isis
nobody knows ok nobody knows and we're
taking in thousands and thousands and
thousands of people and the real numbers
are far greater than the number you
talking about and you know what we all
have hearts we wanted to be good I want
to build safe zones I wanna have to me
let that let somebody else pay for it
for change the Gulf states are making a
fortune right Saudi Arabia before the
oil went down now they're making a
little bit less ABF they were making a
billion dollars a day to give it a
billion dollars a day and we pay for
everything we protection Arabia we
protect so many countries you know we
protect your money nobody knows we
protect Japan Japan has a treaty with us
if we get attacked they don't have to do
anything if they get attacked we have to
start world war three ok this way now
all ideals we don't make good deals we
don't win anymore we don't win we never
have occurred when was the last time we
had a victory so we take he said ww2
that's actually pretty
remember who said that said up stand up
we've had some but we haven't had many
we certainly don't have many victories
anymore
well that's good you better vote for me
speaking of that you will you please get
out you gotta vote it's going to be a
biggie I tell you this you won't you
won't be sorry
think of this picketers so we protect
South Korea we have 28,000 soldiers
right now on the line between north and
south korea we have the maniac over
there you know talking about nuclear
nuclear every time he raises his head
we start sending our ships over now I
like south of buildings in south korea I
do great with so many many people like I
like China but they kill us okay because
the leaders are much smarter than our
leaders but we have the greatest
businesspeople in the way we just don't
use it we used political hacks but South
Korea take it
28 wiews political action negotiated
deals it's unbelievable
all talk no action these guys know I
like the weather held his group is out
like this group
so we have 28,000 soldiers we protect
South Korea every time I ordered a huge
amounts of television sets a different
judge thousands and thousands again from
South Korea it is a absolute behemoth
they make a fortune why are we doing
this I want to do it I want to protect
them but we're a debtor nation we are
nineteen trillion dollars 19 trillion
nobody even knows what the hell the word
treated means if I asked even the smart
how many millions are in the Chilean how
many hundred millions of how many
billions is it a trillion it's so out of
control people don't even know even the
top smartest people that aren't even
know we are 19 trillion dollars we have
now with that stupid budget deal that
was approved three weeks ago that gotta
prove so fast
by the republicans it got approved how
long did it take half a day so we have a
budget deal you know we send these
people to washington they shoud tough
we're gonna fight Obamacare we're gonna
fight for this weekend to fight for that
with it take care of our vets which
nobody cares about Sept from we gotta
take care
we send them to washington they gonna
take care of the vet figure to do all
these things they get there and
something happened so they look at the
beautiful I always say they look at
those beautiful marble columns they look
at the Florence a look at the angels in
the ceiling and they say to the husband
and the wife darling we finally made it
we're never leaving and then they say
are you voting for Obama care and they
go yes some voted for obama-care it's
crazy
something happens some things in the
water in washingtonDC something
happened
but is that really disappointing ok so
here it is so you have this man on the
to the right to the right now in to the
right of the differences but you have
this band has a maniac perhaps and you
gotta give him credit for one thing that
guy's a young guy he's dealing with
these generals his father dies and he
maintains control something going that
you know when they don't underestimate a
guy like that do not underestimate right
does everyone know what I mean there's
plenty of guys I assume want to take
control the father dies two kids young
kid takes over do not underestimate that
kind of talent now they'll say all I
like it I don't like him at all just
don't underestimate Vladimir Putin said
the other day donald Trump is a genius
he's the leader and he's going to be the
leader in the United States he made a
statement
these people are running against the
republicans said that's terrible that he
said that you have to denounce that
statement denounce it immediately you
have to do an out I said you think I'm
going to denounce a fact that I guys
calling me like great energy I'm gonna
do that's crazy are you crazy
with us what you know
I love you too man even though it's a
guy but I love whoever the hell who is
that I like that guy so now but wouldn't
it be nice seriously I read the other
day with the military is having a hard
time buying bombs because this so
unbelievably expensive probably they do
the same thing is with the drugs out
whatever it is will pay right because
again the defense contractors are big
contributors right I haven't even
started this folks believe me I figured
out like at about two seconds
think of it they can't get the bombs
again get the missiles because they're
so expensive so wouldn't it be nice if
we can use rice and they use some of
their bombs and then this is we have to
pay for it so that's what's going to
happen that's what's going to happen I
think we'll get along fine I think we'll
get along fine and we have to stop being
the policemen for the entire world most
of which hates her guts hey I got i mean
you think about it look what we did we
going to Iraq which by the way yet how
saddam hussein this was not a nice guy
but he had one thing that he really
liked doing he killed terrorists ok he
killed terrorists and he didn't have
weapons of mass destruction by the way
in case anybody doesn't know so we go in
and I said you're somebody said Jeb Bush
said nice light on the chopping off its
low energies they're chopping off the
heads of Christians in the Middle East
and many other people and we're supposed
to have a nice tone ok we're supposed to
have a wonderful town well ladies and
gentlemen is that nice the world is an
evil place you have to understand the
world is tough right now
this is like medieval times you know
when we read about medieval times is to
jump ahead I heard of chopping off heads
until recently
James James Foley remember James a great
beautiful James Foley with his parents
are great people but they started
chopping off heads we do here deserve
these are people that are animals and we
gotta ended we gotta knock the hell out
of them and fast fast so we have to stop
saddam hussein shown 2003 2004 that area
job-producing I do great job they do
really good stuff I have a great
statement did a wonderful job when I put
in my papers everyone went crazy they
were hoping they would look good they
would much bigger than anybody ever
thought very low debt some of the
greatest developments in the world
Turnberry in Scotland Doral in Miami I
mean some of the great some of the great
buildings of the world a big chunk of
the Bank of America building in San
Francisco buildings in New York the
press look these people read all those
cameras they looked by the way they'll
never show that audience behind them all
but I like you will you show the
audience behind you pls 10,000 people
turning I love it I love it while I love
it he turned the cameras
thank you very much that was very nice
that never happens I don't think it's
ever happened I always go home and my
wife she sees me on television
told us live television they don't take
them in every every event is live
television someday I'd like to do one
without cameras likud up but of course
if the cameras are near that means bad
things happening to write that means
nobody cares but every time I go home I
was just to be darling where there many
people there
10,000 10,000 did you see that no no
they only show your face they'd never
move it and that I always talk about the
protesters I say I love protesters
the only time they movie cameras when
there's a protester cuz that's supposed
to be a bad thing so I love protesters
and i said im gonna start creating my
own protesters ok thats I'll be honest
they altered or both subnet guy on the
right didn't turn out in awhile how he
didn't turn that guy right there
right
yeah right but now I honestly I really
we've done a lot of these we've had
tremendous audience tremendous you have
over 10,000 people today and look at the
people still pouring in its crazy folks
it's a movement I'm telling you this
isn't like you know other guys come here
are the candidates come here there's
like a hundred and twelve people
fifty-nine people I mean jeb Bush's
spent a hundred and twelve million
dollars and nobody shows up wat the
house and he spent a lot of it on
negative ads on me and he goes ahead
after editor at a Shell and I hope
people don't think so and then it goes
up he does negative ads we have
something special happening there's a
movement going on we're going to take
our country back that's what we're going
to do and we're gonna run our country
intelligence intelligence and we're
actually going to have because you know
a lot of people left when I say but I
did it I'm a unifier I bring people
together we have a president who's a
divider he's a very divisive person I am
a unified we are gonna bring people
together this country is totally
disjointed everybody hates everybody and
people shouldn't be surprised at USC our
country is going to come together we
have a movement going on that hasn't
been seen it was on the cover of Time
magazine last week
great sorry right great story written by
somebody that never called me he never
called me I should I finally found out
how to handle the press don't speak to
him was when I talk to my get lousy
stories all the time it's incredible but
if i dont this guy's a great writer he
has eroded pressure but he is he's known
as a brilliant writer and you should get
it the one last week he talked about the
fact that we have something going on
that hasn't happened in this country in
many many years and some people say it's
never happened in the country
there's never been anything like this I
go to dallas we have a stadium like this
we have 20,000 people with the Mavericks
play I go to Mobile Alabama Alabama
right right they do have a good football
team right now I have to admit
we have to be true we can respect
somebody we can respect the stuff but
now but I got a mobile alabama we have
35,000 people we go twice now to
Oklahoma 20,000 people all of New
Hampshire we have the biggest crash the
biggest crowds all over it no matter
where we go we have the biggest crowds
and there's something there is something
happening well she said you can't stop
you can stop you know how we can stop if
they don't vote if we have people to
question is do people get up and vote
you know so weird thing they stand
outside for five hours to come in and
the only question because now we're
going to see you know without the caucus
stuff and I think we did great in iowa
you know I really do I think we did I
think the people of Iowa tremendous we
had an amazing time there and I really
you know a lot of people said don't go
to Iowa skip Iowa started new hampshire
new hampshire doing really well but
started to have said no but I like I
when I like two people have a lot of
friends that live in my window will go
to and I think we should come in first
to be honest with you a lot of things
happen they're not the things happen a
lot of things happened there but is it
funny I came in a strong strong second
third was quite a distance away although
they said about Marco who is he was so
close
class is over 2,000 votes which you know
we're not talking about use numbers two
things happened
number 12 largest vote in the history of
Iowa that the republicans write the
number
largest 280,000 which ad I got other
than the one who is a double candidate
you know has two candidates for one I
got the largest vote outside of the one
candidate I got the largest ever in the
history of it you know so I and I've
never done this before I'm not a
politician show but
thank you thank you so the person that
came in third
unbelievable result unbelievable is a
huge victory but I came in second in the
should do so well as they can but you
see I don't think I did come in second I
think I came in first ok
but but I honestly it doesn't matter
get a lot of delegates at it really
doesn't matter because my total focus
now is our new hampshire and then next
week my total focus is going to be right
here in South Carolina so we are going
to create borders this country has
people coming in and a lot of the wrong
and I just saw this statistic today it
came in yesterday in congress a hundred
and seventy nine thousand you know that
is that's like yankee stadium filled up
three or four times a hundred and
seventy nine thousand huge criminal
aliens right these are people that were
convicted of a crime
ok convicted some of them very serious
crimes we have them now in our country
we don't even send them out
we're gonna get about now we're gonna
get about and we're gonna send it back
where they came from when I put them in
jail for forty years
for years and years in jail it's
expensive
strong borders are Border Patrol people
are fantastic and we're going to build a
wall ok remember we're going to build a
wall
I always gonna kick his ass are you
ready and who is going to pay for the
wall
so easy and so easy you know we have a
trade deficit with Mexico that's so you
it's so big or as Donald Trump would say
it's so huge it is so massive and again
these politicians I'm not gonna reveal a
lot of I really like all but they never
gonna get you to the promised land folks
none of them I know him all that is not
their thing it's not that they so they
come up to me you can't build a wall
really can't you well you know that's
how easy it's so easy I know exactly
what is going to look like it's so easy
China has a wall of this bill two
thousand years ago that's 18,000 miles
law that's a walk now that 1 I'd say
maybe we don't bill that's like going
across the united sates somebody's gonna
build a wall in northern border well
that's a pretty big law about four times
that China the Great Wall of China
18,000 miles long can you imagine that
they built a two thousand years ago wall
that's a big wad I'd see that this is
serious wall this is not a wall that
they drive the jeeps across with the
ramp so you know we have little walls
are like this I like four children they
actually do they built rafts down its
easier but they've built in this
pictures in the magazine short I think
it time magazine a jeep loaded up with
drugs goes up down sell the drugs she
does goes to new hampshire without a
huge problem they have a huge problem
you have a huge everybody in the country
is used to go up to go down they come
back so we get the drugs that they get
the cash no good
not gonna happen anymore not gonna
happen anymore
not gonna happen
portly we have people so addicted
because you get into the heroin and it's
cheap and they're so addicted and
getting out of it getting out of that
addiction is a tremendous trouble that
help people have to help people but the
best way to stop the best way is if they
don't start and if they can't get it
either way to make it so tough we're
gonna make it so
but these politicians come up to me and
the politicians and they said to me
seriously how you look at it get Mexico
to pay and they always say they say
you're not gonna be able to get Mexico
to pay how he didn't do that and I say
it's easy
the deficit is hoping they make so much
money we give them a lot of money on top
of everything else which is hard to
believe we give them a lot of money we
have searched the world is peanuts
compared to the numbers you talking
about I didn't know that these people
these are not people that are gonna get
you there so carl icahn endorsements a
great businessman many other great
businessman endorse me and they want to
be involved they don't want money they
don't want to have you know then that
political he's a great people he's a
great now some nice nice where the hell
cares right now we can some you wouldn't
want to go to dinner with you and the
beautiful red sweater you wouldn't want
any part of ammo though they're so rich
I don't know that your husband there now
you know the guy next to you then you
probably wouldn't mind dinner with a guy
who's worth 10 billion though who knows
but we have the greatest business people
in the world we don't use we use his
political hacks people they gave
contributions to get jobs we as people
that have no talent we use people that
actually have conflicts of interest when
they negotiate they like China they have
deals I mean we are the worst we are led
by people that are stupid we are led by
people that are incompetent
we can't keep going we can't keep going
you know every year the 19 trillion 20
trillion you know at what point does it
stop and you know I said to the
politicians who said we have a plan on
the budget they were telling me they
think they can balance the budget over
the next 25 years I said 25 years that's
a long time
25 years and it took about 25 ok so
we're gonna make our country so strong
we can build up our military you know
it's very depleted general and very very
depleted and it has to be because last
quarter we are now just practically no
growth we would essentially no growth
you know what China announces 7% growth
we we haven't had seven percent growth
in many many years what China and now
just 7% growth it's like a catastrophe
for China we have no gross I last
quarter no growth think that what that
means that means ha Rochelle our exports
this month and last couple of months I
now negative they went way down
lowest since the recession which means
one thing you can have a big recession
it's coming within a bubble
ugly ugly bubble and you see it now with
the stock market starting to happen
because the only good sign the 5% self
is is nonsense the the unemployment rate
because if you're looking for a job and
you try so hard and you go here and i
cant find it ok so now you go and you
quit you just can't do it anymore chance
I just bought 200 places I get to see
you give up you are statistically
considered employed in other words you
are now taking off thats why they give
these phony numbers the real
unemployment rate is over 25% and I'll
tell you something if it were really 5%
like this it is which is a number
devised by the politicians to make them
look at before Obama long before Ababa
they should look at hey if I win its
gonna make me look great
but you know what it's a number devised
because they don't count people that
look for jobs and can't find them then I
cannot get how can you not counting
heads of millions of people that can't
find jobs I will tell you if that number
will correct we wouldn't have a stadium
like this full of people right we
wouldn't have it wouldn't be it wouldn't
be so it wouldn't be i talked about the
way we deal I talked about all of the
things we do we have to use examples and
you know what you don't have to use lots
of different examples I can't but there
are some that are so egregious sergeant
pergola trader right is treasurer is a
dirty rotten trader by the way so side
yet he's a traitor he left he walked he
thought it was gonna have a wonderful
life you know celebrating whatever they
celebrate so he lives we lose six people
killed great young beautiful soldiers I
see their parents great beautiful
soldiers get killed they go out and they
look at and they're looking at they get
killed probably viciously killed it
right we get back
yeah we had a general and a colonel and
they were interviewing everybody they
knew he was a traitor it wasn't like oh
they made a mistake and I you can see
that you would like that how can you be
that stupid but this is far worse we
knew he was a traitor so far deles we
get Bergdahl and they get five killings
that they've cut it that they've wanted
for nine years and that now all out back
on the battlefield tried to kill us all
what kind of a deal is this what kind of
people what kind of people would make a
deal like this
the other is why I talk about it all the
time because it's almost that even
understandable it's so ridiculous the
deal with Iran we give them one hundred
and fifty billion dollars we get nothing
we haven't negotiated named John Kerry
as Secretary of State
now she'll show said I talked about
every time I talk I don't even believe
it could be possible and he doesn't ever
walk from the negotiation he's got a
negotiation he doesn't walk from the guy
they are dancing in the streets all over
around at the great deal that burning
the American flag this saying how stupid
we are because it feels so good at the
deal has been made yet that was six
months ago remember they're all dancing
I said this still doesn't make it right
who the hell would go back in just keep
negotiating like nothing's happening and
you have as obama calls him the supreme
leader I will never call him the Supreme
Leader Fox
you have a year Obama we have spoken to
the supreme leader that is I always set
of children we serve as I thought of you
have a deal where they get a hundred and
fifty billion did you see what they
spent all that money in Europe and with
russia and with other countries
everybody but us they bought a hundred
at eighteen Airbus's right hundred at a
Cape not Boeing Airbus faded Europe they
bought missiles from russia then
negotiating with Italy then negotiating
with everybody but the United States
shipper United States what are we doing
and then carried two weeks ago says yes
we expect some of that money will be
used to terror but we haven't been able
to see it yet if he thinks terror what
the hell does he give you the money
right did you see that two weeks ago
he's talking about
yes we expect some of the money will be
used for terror is this man a dumbing or
why what we're doing now that deal and
ice ages we should never ever have given
them that money that we should never
have started that negotiation unless we
had our prisoners back
ever and what you do just you know
pretty simple is like 101 any one of
these people that I'm talking about that
will be negotiate would have said this
stances I would say what you do is you
go and you said we need our prisoners
back 34 years ago did you see it you'll
take so long what forever you know why
they just kept saying no no no we just
kept saying okay okay okay anyway the
deal went like three years four years I
never saw deal takes so long and we
never walk we never once walked out of
the room I said boy would this be a good
time to a because so often it was so bad
and you saw what was happening as it was
being covered by the media and you saw
what was happening at lyk it would make
Obama look so good if they actually got
up and walked right lieutenant governor
what a great guy by the way a lot of
great what a family water family the
bush of the family we stand up this is a
great woman this is the real boss right
here looked great couple great people
really greatly appreciate how do you
like his commercial did you hear it that
everybody here it pretty not that many
people heard what's going on did people
here the commercial I think it's great I
told him I said Henry I actually move my
voice kisses said I endorses commercial
you have to say that as a matter of life
and I did like my voice compared to his
voices voices so beautiful I said do me
a favor moving to the front that said
the back I did like but with your ndo
what happens is you go in and you say
gotta have the prices they'll say no you
leave the desperate they need money
their economies Gresham it's a disaster
over there or it was now they're rich as
hell he said we need to get out of our
personnel say no you walk out you say
bye bye
enjoy your crashed economy enjoy your
depression enjoy your depression funk
they'll call within I always say 48
hours but I usually mean 24 hours they
usually me two hours but we don't even
get on the plane and they say you have
here prisoners lender prisoners land you
go in four seconds right and seconds are
the following folks you know my father
as you say take the lumps and he thought
I was too full
he had a son that his high-energy had a
son high-energy as opposed to chip now
my father used to say the Sun set to
tough so you know I would say you're not
getting the money should tough right you
know you force them to do things it's
not good so I would have said the follow
Alice you got a problem we r 19 trillion
dollars we have another two trillion
because we had it it's approved budgets
that it don't know what to do it so
we're 21 trillion we don't have the
money we don't have it there's nothing
we can do about it we won't be able to
give you the hundred and fifty billion
dollars they'll go nuts but within 23
days later that tobacco now we saved a
hundred and fifty billion dollars it's
easy now we get down to negotiate we
make a deal
ok cuz I love the idea of making deals
on nuclear nuclear is very important we
have to do something with nuclear
nuclear is a whole day crazy deal and we
have to and we have to be very vigilant
and we have to be very careful and we
have to make sure that the wrong people
don't get and if we think somebody's got
it we gotta really act we can't just
haven't noticed like a North Korea they
talk about iran now an offer to
surrender and doesn't have no clear they
will after this they don't even have to
make it they can buy it for all the
money they have but they don't have but
the guy in krajena have something like
like homework it's so unpleasant you
don't want to think about it well given
notice we never talk about North Korea
he's actually got to clear we don't talk
to know why they don't talk China has to
take care of that problem and if China
doesn't take care of that problem we
have to hurt them on trade because they
suck so much money out of US system they
suck our jobs they take so much I love
to Chinese too great friends of mine I
make a fortune with
I tell people the largest bank in the
world as a tenant the mine in Manhattan
its from China I sell condominiums 50
hands of millions of dollars to the
Chinese the grade but like the Mexico
leaders like the Japanese leaders the
chinese leaders are too smart for up
people that just watch for leaders are
leaders don't have a clue they don't
even have a clue they devalue their
currency I'll it is like the new trade
deal where they don't even talk about
devaluation that's the number one thing
they do and it's not even discuss that's
why I'm so against the new trade deal
and watch China which is it a part of
the trade deal will come in at a later
date through the back door and they'll
take advantage of us like they always do
because we have people that are not the
right people negotiating ideals just
like when we had carry and these clowns
at negotiated a deal with Iran so what
we have is we have a deal now where they
get the money where they have 24 days
for inspection so in other words we call
up we think that we want to inspect
because we hear missiles are being built
in a certain area so they have 24 days
but the clock doesn't start kicking you
have to go through a whole process so
the 24 days could be much much longer
but the greatest is where they have his
own with a self inspect the shelf
inspected
think of it we call up as President
Obama would say we call up the supreme
leader supreme leader sir sir Obama sure
I hear you're making missiles would you
please self-respect and let us know
whether or not there's any nuclear being
made on that
pleased Ala
so what you please tell us whether or
not as any nuclear being made in that
area and yes you know in our agreement
you will self inspect oh yes will call
you back to 1909
ridiculous know that Obama got wonderful
news on a lot away doing folks what the
hell are we doing what the hell are we
doing
so I said they said look behind me
that love this country remember that
and then I said it's not the greatest
two weeks ago I started saying this is a
ron is gonna take over iraq iraq has the
largest oil reserves in the world second
in the world among the richest
beautiful oil and I mean the best
highest-quality thats Iraq now I ron and
I said this in 2003 2004 Reuters don't
do it you'll be stable and I'm the most
militaristic person in this room I will
tell you ok believe me believe me nobody
is gonna mess with us we're gonna be
strong going to be powerful and nobody's
gonna mess and hopefully well hopefully
hopefully we'll have to use that power
but you know when you are strong and you
really really strong and people know it
and yet the right leader that a mess
with you babe message gonna be all right
now their toys they talking with us they
toiled with us you look at it
China toys with us they built in the
South China Sea a phenomenal I mean it's
incredible it's a fort with runways for
planes for bombers for ever think they
don't care about us they don't care
about us we can't even put up a wall at
that building a thing and you know by
the way one of the reasons we didn't
build the wall we couldn't get fifteen
years ago we could get the environmental
impact statement you believe it not show
they couldn't get an invite because the
stones and all sorts of stuff they're
going to build a wall this way to avoid
to avoid red I read i snail
about two billion more just do if you
turn there's a snake in the way there's
a rattlesnake it's very rare let's move
the wall about a mile last and give a
little turned a wall that look like a
press so so China in the South China Sea
is building a massive military compound
with runways and everything and you know
they do environmental impacts that they
have the biggest excavators you've ever
seen and they're ripping the hell out of
the ocean they're ripping and dumping
and they're ripping and their debts
almost finished and they do it they
supposed to do it no do they have any
respect for us know did they suck us dry
on trade
yes they've taken so many jobs millions
of jobs
thousands and thousands of factories and
they're great I don't mind you know what
it's ok I'm angry at our people I'm not
angry at them if they can get away with
it it's great I'm not upset with him I'm
upset with the people that we have that
allowed our country to be salvaged like
this
the greatest deal I've ever seen
is what Iran did where they're taken
over iraq now if you think of it watch
I've been really good at this stuff I
was the first one I said bomb the oil
pump the oil balm the oil who got the
oil a lot of it I says I should have
been saying you know some of you have
listened to bomb the everybody said and
then they actually interviewed on one of
the networks about a year ago one of the
generals Mr Trump is very insistent on
bombing ooo that would never work
bombing the oil you know we have
generals echoing talk shows all the time
you think General George Patton would
have been big on the talk shows he would
have you want to have this war over
before it had a chance to go from his
base to the studio where they fell on
the talk show
trucks were in bad shape
what's going to happen now is we have
created a monster power with Tehran Iran
takes over iraq they've got it got it
that you know people so they haven't
what they have done it and Iraq Dow is
looking to Iran for protection the whole
thing is Chris the whole thing is crazy
but now they take over Yemen didn't want
them in but they want the border between
saudi arabia because they want to take
over the island Saudi Arabia a Saudi
Arabia's very rich Saudi Arabian hijab
protection to get a pass something they
need to take a given something folks we
don't have the money I want to protect
you I want to take care of you I want to
work with you a country just don't have
the money to keep doing this so we're
protecting shouts career for peanuts for
nothing we're protecting Saudi Arabia
makes one billion dollars a day before
the pressure now makes a half a billion
and a not so bad but was making a year
ago a billion dollars a day and when
protector and when we send our ships you
turn those suckers out a question
million dollars right to turn on the
engines we protect him every time we
protect everybody we protect South Korea
he shot Chup Chup Chup we immediately
start sending our ships our pleasure we
get that thing we get nothing I want to
protect what we can't do it anymore we
don't have the money now if they wanna
pay us substantial money we I want to
protect them but we can't do it
28,000 soldiers on the border why are we
doing this and those soldiers are in
serious danger ok just so you understand
they are in serious serious danger we're
protecting Germany everybody has a
mercedes-benz will protect in germany
it's a baby meth and economic behemoth
we're protecting them I love them
my father came from Germany but you know
what think it helped us out we don't
like we want at least cost we can't keep
doing this we can't keep doing this
and then people wonder why do we have 19
trillion in debt and why are we doing so
poorly so look we have a very very big
day coming for you folks very surreal a
really big day on the 9th up in new
hampshire that we come down here ten
days later we go with you we gotta win I
promise you one thing I don't want your
money I don't want your money I don't
want anything just want your vote
gotta get out and vote gotta get out
because if you don't get out and vote
we've always had a lot of time and
energy in my case money I don't care but
but we've wasted tremendous time
tremendous amounts of energy and our
country is going to hell and we've gotta
stop it so
so ladies and gentlemen of South
Carolina luck looks very simple we are
going to start winning again we're gonna
win on trade we're gonna win with the
military within a win without pet shop
that's going to be taken care of we're
gonna win with health care we're gonna
win with health care we're going to get
rid of common core which is a total
disaster for education
so vital to protect
we're going to have strong borders again
we're going to have the wall people come
into our country but they're coming into
our country legally through a legal
process
we are going and we're going to win a
lot and ideally we're going to win all
the time we have all the cards if we go
with a hillary or this character bernie
or any of these people I'm telling you
we're going to be so deep
we're going to be in such trouble it's
never going to come back so are you
ready
the american dream right
the american dream is dead but we're
gonna make it bigger and better and
stronger than ever before
we're going to make america

the show biz ladies and gentlemen we
our great sex
Pearl Harbor
we don't want World Trade Center is we
don't want that ever happening to us
again so I want to thank everybody 2,000
people outside and sometimes you say
when you like to wait about an hour
until they all come in but we can't get
anything with differences we all got
lucky I played great shape and in
Highland trial 33%
carson had 16 and going down and Rubio
at 11 and pushing for managed trade 33
just came out
everyone else
generals television talk a lot of
military people here to waste time
military so strong so how are so great
you know in many ways this thing we can
do to cheapest thing as fighting these
wars are doing and we have leaders are
afraid to do anything that makes it so
great so strong that people message did
not messing with it take care of our
trading status who wounded warriors
thank you are not being taken care of we
have illegal immigrants it taken care of
better than our incredible veterans and
it's not going to happen to do
trunk 46% can you imagine that with all
of these characters running on foreign
policy truck and you know it's very you
can say well maybe some I think that
people want to see strong then went to
see strength they want to see protection
they want to be protected and that's it
i watch list and I watched the president
truly didn't know what he was doing he
did
why he was there he refuses to use the
term radical Islamic terrorism he
refuses to use the term I don't even
know who knows what is going on
I know how it's just gonna be an
extension of Obama I think maybe worse
she's got no strength she's got no
salmon remember that you don't need a
president with no strain of Salmonella
when we're being written to trade with
being ripped off on Obamacare which
should be repealed and replaced by
myself
taken care of what jerry is never been
like it is today one of the generals was
on television as usual daily with Elise
prepare now anytime that he's ever seen
it and he's been there a long time
retiring that's how we are in the most
dangerous world we've ever had because
of the power of weapons we have people
that don't know I'm telling you I
watched i watch his generals the
interview
General George Patton would be
interviewed they do the total and
complete victory general douglas regard
their first day talk later these guys
and I don't think we'll have to you know
just bush he said yesterday was the
interview he said that he was elected as
a 13 percent something like those things
you'll find out but if you look at what
happens where he is upset with me
because he says the talk dial trial is
not nice
whose heads of jumped up in the middle
east Christian and for other reasons
drowned and steel cages and we talked
about my tom foolery said the same thing
other stone is not nice living in a
different plan
we need somebody who's strong we need
somebody was incredible energy but
incredible intelligence and all of those
things you know a lot of people but then
that's everything we need tough we need
in this country we own 80 trillion the
budget they signed two weeks ago is he
making 21 truman it's a trillion
trillion dollars per gallon heard of the
word 21 trillion dollars in the very
near future we are really in trouble we
have to rebuild our country we have to
rebuild our infrastructure we have to
rebuild our military and yet we do deals
with China with this trade imbalance of
four hundred billion dollars a year in
their favor by the ship and they said
the cars by the millions seventy billion
dollars here imbalance like we're going
to build a wall it will lol
I really stop on hillary was at least 15
people you know this fifteen I had very
strong he went down
governor walking nice guy he went to
every kind we gotta keep it that way to
grandmas he's got 0
literally zero and the kids talk and get
so much television television and he's
80 his ideas are so bad I'm more
military see in him but I know how to
live he does he was just attack
everything John McCain
sometime the holy city but gotta know
what I was against the war in Iraq so I
just wrote you have to write a great
temperament dunno what you doing I said
if you attack a wrap around is gonna
take over the entire Middle East because
you are ruined it was so simple to me
and actually they sent a group from the
white house because I got so much
publicity so much publicity that they
sent a groom from the white house see
missus see if you can have a rain check
over the middle east and that's what's
happened and arrest them and take over
iraq issuers you sitting there and by
the way iraq with the second
largest oil reserves and we lost
thousands of the house we have wanted
worries level of all over the place two
trillion dollars we have nothing we got
absolutely and we left and we have a
president but then we should elect the
way we left
good and really make our country great
that if I spoke to that young woman that
I really think I could convince him that
we're all in this together we want to
have a strong we want to have a good guy
this is a great guy
thank you
but you know if you think about it and
you have some of the can never be
satisfied no matter what they just
troublemakers but most people aren't and
they believe something that has some
very slight friends on agree with me
that the other side but I really believe
that we have to be
was same person
I got a judge yourself by the securities
just say you can do very nice to you
cell number
thank you very nice person in the same
thing you would think that everybody
will say that everybody every single
person
thank you
in fact is that all there is about the
president's speech and I wrote something
today and i think is very very important
and probably not politically correct but
I don't hear
in california where somebody was making
bombs in an apartment the mother's
mother didn't notice anything will I
watched believe me in my opinion she was
lying like crazy I watched my brother
was such a wonderful guy didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know and I watched
the next joint saying we didn't read
them just didn't want a racial profiling
parade
would like to see the country so many
different ways itself
imagine what a great leaders of the past
12 said with the kind of crap that's
happening with us they didn't want to
replace them because they thought it was
ok you know the the pipe bombs all of
the above is this long to many of them
together but we didn't want to rush the
300 K you are or how bout with the
families and friends go back with the
worst worst because with the world trade
said they would killing innocent
civilians at least dirty rotten sneak
attack at least
while it was but this was an attack on
the World Trade so what's happened is
whereas we have no idea was coming into
our country we have no idea what they
hate us we have no idea if they want to
bomb us we have no idea what's going on
and then I looked at called him winning
those numbers are like looking at these
subjects I hated to look at age it's
very very sad I go after some of the
numbers 25 of those industries Honda
Center for Security Policy very highly
respected this is people living in this
country
25% of those holes agree violence
against Americans is just as much as 25%
51%
and whistles living in this country by
the way I have friends that it was a
great people but they don't have a
problem they know we have a real and we
can't put up with it sucks we can't put
up with it
51% highly-respected no groups want to
be governed according to Shariah you
know it sure is so
I wrote this at the nation watched
serenity a constitution the mainstream
media these people they are so to say
so this one from NBC reporter from NBC
and actually another one I think from
CBS they actually in columbus ohio has a
tremendous traffic 2000 people it was a
love fest in one on for a long time
everybody right to the end right
julianne I had one of the politicians
cases just he's he's a powerful debater
he made a statement that oh they left
after 10 minutes now the press is the
company says it was alive at the end of
the beginning nobody nobody's leaving
here
we asked the press was a total lie and
they don't want to do that because you
know we get the biggest crowds they
don't show this to people outside trying
to get it to show the people here it's a
record in the history of
and yes I guarantee you that young women
to just got taken out after interrupting
us three times I guarantee I guarantee
so we talk about the media and by the
way some of the media's two remaining
70% 75% is absolute absolute remember
this
one of the other day where I finish the
stage and they said oh drop was
interrupted and he left like 45 i den
and should question questions and then I
went around you know everybody amazingly
this a media group that calls the next
to the most beautiful sorry about what
life was from NBC she's there she's back
there
what I live in BC two hundred was a
total lie and they just didn't know that
they actually criticized the media and
they said it was a total and then other
people pick up somebody picks it up
there
rate reported remember
watch the surrender and our
constitutional rights and I don't want
to I want ice is to surrender
a little bit of the country has made
great day to suppose that I like that I
have more we can call the election
tomorrow
coming in on these to go the quiet and
Johnny people are fed up with
incompetent
they are just stupid people where r
president makes a deal to such an
Bergdahl
they knew it was a dreaded just in
general and a colonel went to see his
grip six people killed look into her
parents are television has seen the
parents but I watched some television
deficit they left to try and bring them
back she left you know the old days when
we were struck be
now the other day can you believe they
think he's gonna get away with nothing
is going to happen nothing so we left
untreated in pretty rough though he got
in the way I saw anyway so we get a Mac
and is the day when we get a dirty no
good trainer till they get the greatest
killers that they've been asked her for
six years
fact I here not so they get these top
right now have gone there are trying to
kill everybody in front of them
including you so we get Bergdahl and
they get the killers and that's the way
we doing here and we gave them a hundred
and fifty billion dollars just called
amateur night
we gave them one hundred and fifty
billion dollars 24 days 24 days we think
there's something wrong
24 days we have to wait but it's much
longer because as a whole process before
the clock start but the best when they
have the right to self you doing
tomorrow we don't negotiations always
happen and somebody would say that's
profiling trust she agreed to go she is
so hot
and I don't blame for losing cause a lot
of things were happening I was a tough
one but I shoulda one when he sort of
went away on vacation or something and I
said to myself
recent box just came out as being
hillary very easily 11
we watch this and it's impossible to
watch this gross incompetence that I
watched last week without us a little
while and these people going crazy
sorry this is calling for a pretty 25%
remember this calling for a total and
complete shutdown
Muslims and drink the United States
figure out why the hell is going off
we have no insurance according to
research among others
there is a great for americans by the
large sections of the Muslim population
most recently from security policy
released showing 25 percent of those
polled agreed that violence against
Americans to people that I hear people
here
$25 one percent 1% would be unacceptable
was unacceptable 25% of those call
violence against Americans here in the
United States is just as high as global
jihad
not going to happen as low as 50 1
percent of those polled agreed that
Muslims in America should have to Joyce
just being governed according to Shariah
Shariah authorized main tera chehra
authorize such as believers who won't be
heading and more unthinkable acts that
pose two Americans / ass Ashley
and we have a president who wanted to
mention the term and you talk about
numbers like this without looking at the
various polling down it's obvious to
anybody that hatred is beyond
comprehension
where they come from and why this could
get worse and worse the World Trade
Center's gonna go where we can be
politically correct we can be stupid but
it's worse until we're able to determine
an unjust and EJ
credit losses our country cannot be
horrendous attacks by the police only is
he didn't want to have no reason for
respect for human life they have no
respect for human life
he sounds like he's very exhausting
so so we have to decide
we can be weak
effect
be very gentle very gentle this a try
be very nice so try to pass by the way
if some people in those places where we
have done
the second amendment we have to preserve
it and cherish it and we can't let these
weak leaders if they had guns in Paris
five people in that room
Paris and France has probably the
toughest gun laws anywhere in the world
looks like target practice but people
are sitting and many others are gonna be
dying is sitting in a hospital in many
cases waiting to die now same thing a
few days no guns we didn't have the bad
guys and these people and I just the
press you gotta stop calling a
mastermind season
member the guy in the mastermind human
some of them
disgusted me and we have just watching
the internet and they want to be missed
and then you wonder why do we lose all
these kids they go over there and we
have our anchors I think I can almost
hear it too much but they say the young
man and parasite called him the guy with
the jury's still he had to sign guy puts
people in this message being so the
press has to be responsible people
because of the internet and we have to
do something we have to go see a lot of
different people that really understand
what happened to talk maybe in certain
areas closing that Internet up in some
way we have a lot of real estate we have
a lot of Jewish people we've got a maybe
do so because they are recruiting by the
thousands
and when they come back which is where
are you I was fighting for us when they
leave our country and they go to fight I
just any of the other groups they never
come back they never came
and now they become radicalized now
about the lemon juice Pakistan then she
wins she comes in and engaged and she
let the guy I couldn't get a woman he's
ever had in awhile but he became
radicalized quickly and then they go on
those days are those things we have to
be tough
yes we have to look at how we have to
respect my ass but yes we have to look
at my house we have no choice we have to
see what's happening it's happening in
there is anger and we have to do we
can't be these people that is sitting
back like in the world trade show only
so many different things we can't be
people that knew what was going on to
excel in california probably so much
done soon I didn't want to tell in the
week we have to be strong when we see
violations and quickly I promise I will
defend you from program
when I started this whole West who knew
it was gonna turn into this it's been an
amazing thing no matter where I go I
went to Dallas 20,000 people and 25,000
people I mean we have mobile alabama
35,000 people every time I come to South
Carolina every time I go to North
Carolina every time I go to New
Hampshire Virginia wherever we had a
tragedy that the only problem we have is
two sides of the room
thousands of people outside trying to
get it usually at double-a go talk to
them for a while
exactly love doing after the first one
but I love in these rooms all the same
unbelievable of in all of these places
Oklahoma 20,000 people standing in a
park one quick now this is an
unbelievable love and this is
unbelievable of the country we want to
see and we believe in the Constitution
more than anything but we can't let
people use and abuse are right we can't
let people they want to kill us they
want to destroy us we can't let it
happen we just can't let it happen and I
have a friend who's a very very
successful and I went to one event with
the 24,000 people and this guy's really
tough guy one of the guys I definitely
used to negotiate with Japan China
believe me you are going to be in good
shape that happens when one of these
characters of these guys by the way
funding
these other guys getting millions and
millions of dollars from people I know
you want to give you a lot of money
which is very sort of like to take money
by doing but came in and I said and he
said I get it
gamblers like you so they give me more
than I was the sierra haired boy I was I
would like to come to mean I give them
all money is being used
senator calls me we'll send you campaign
contribution but you know I'll tell you
something in the end the people the gym
these millions of dollars to these
horrible corrupt passed a corrupt they
totally control push and I won't say
got it what she did promise you
have been nice to me today chris
Christie I mean I don't know he's a
friend of mine but he's not doing well
in the polls materially really hit me
today he hated this and yet he said
anybody from the best but he really
behind the whole thing we have to stop
until we find out what's going on
talked about that experience experience
but that's a statement of an experience
that sound like an extreme pressure and
I said I got him at least once I want to
reach with people everyday realized that
closing up the largest bridge in the
world the biggest in the United States
traffic flown during rush hour people
couldn't get across the 67 house
ambulances fire trucks with them all the
time to people he never said a boss
george washington prince
people who don't like I would say this
less than 1% chance but I doubt they
mentioned they didn't mention one of the
meetings and practice like everyday or
every other day Chris George Washington
Bridge because the mayor of is it ok I
didn't mention nobody but you
9 downgrades of the state property taxes
through an expansion coming out of my
ears ok tremendous taxes down you had
Christine you know so friendly with
President Obama
I actually called let me ask you to vote
for Obama I don't know possibly dead and
I was very disappointed one of the
reasons I was disappointed as he called
Christian had dinner right after the
election if Christie did that to me I
would have never spoken to him so when
he talks about when he talks about lack
of experience I built this incredible
company I would probably be able to make
great company
tremendous cash tremendous asset worth
very little unbelievable cash and
everybody said I took a deep breath to
my life and we came down there has to
have read the famous as many have turned
around to a country that had been
positive
then they said I will these talking
heads most of whom are not even some
people believe then they should love it
when they went to this but they say once
brilliant because he was too but what
happens is they said well that's
basically what you sign your life away I
will never sign because maybe he's not
as rich as everybody things they don't
know and then I didn't he said and if he
does he'll ask for many many delays
you're entitled to 45 days delay is
alleging child head of schedule and what
happened
they couldn't believe it was much much
much better than anybody ever
and the range
envisions a great casual integrate
assassins Doral
tower building big chunk of the Bank of
America building in San Francisco 1296
land or land on the pataki land along
great piece of property and grade right
to the best location and what happens
then they say people who never thought I
was and I told us to the other night it
really hurt my wife said today you know
if you run you don't you
well before because nobody believes you
can before she said the only way you're
going to get a baltimore is nobody even
though they say nobody believes you I
said early numbers are these guys who
have not taken so we go down the St you
know what I did you know what the press
down there looked like he was so I have
never seen anything like the entire a
dream of Trump Towers packed with press
and I just said let's turn it went down
and I talked about lots of things
including illegal immigrations and
illegal immigration was such a big head
I'm not brought it up to me and i dont
okie I just nobody is ever taken heat
rush limbaugh
the most incredible incoming human being
into her and it's it and then he double
down as I was right and now illegal
the killing of change and you have the
killing of Jameel and the killing
recently in california they thought was
sexy Sakura think about 66 your own
banner raised sodomized and killed but
it's a huge trouble and they take up a
lot of other so all of a sudden wow and
that the tolls to undergo a truck almost
like from day one
and the reason is the reason I tell you
certain things and the reason I talked
about you know what I've done and lots
of good things I will nice getting city
couldn't get it built eight years they
were in there for like 20 million dust
they couldn't get it done I went to the
mayor of New York and you don't like it
because you don't want to be shown up at
a cost more than two million I got it
builds more peanuts got a job for months
and we got ice skating in Central Park
very point out in the process and we
haven't been under construction for
anywhere between 20 and 30 years they
couldn't get it done I got it done in a
year is operating at their success and
that's what that's what we need
country building on pennsylvania avenue
an incredible hotel one of the great
Hotels of the World and the old post
office they could I got it in the Obama
administration everybody was getting
everybody wanted one of the most
sought-after projects in the history of
the GSA general services and i got to do
magic in me getting it from the Obama
because the GSA who are really
professionals who want to make sure
number 12 got to build strong financials
and they also wanted a great plan so we
came up with the kids we came up with
this incredible job is under budget and
ahead of schedule it was gonna end up in
seventeen sometime during the year
seventeen now it's going to open up
probably in September of 16 right before
the election
mindset of the great businessmen and
others at Indore see we have trillions
and trillions of dollars ocean leaving
the United States in the old days
somebody when you leave door frankly
South Carolina that lead to your crib
with the taxes are lower deadly for
North Carolina deadly today they leave
this country for other countries so many
of our great companies we have two and a
half trillion dollars for sure at lease
and everybody should come home
the democrats republicans 843 years they
can make a deal because this gridlock
does the leadership in washington we
will make his country so we have
somebody said something to me the other
day and what I really wanted to do
what we want to do what I want to do my
job
work for any of these
any of these that I leave
going around and the things that I see
more than anything else is how far the
people are they don't believe us people
in the back that right with 4 I'm
telling you they don't believe that
people are really sorry what's given me
more than any other single are the
people that the incredible people in
this country we're going to make America
great again and you know her

every night you know last night we were
in Baton Rouge we broke the record held
for many years by Elton John my friend
elton john
12,000 for a five thousand outside
tonight we have my guest much more than
that we have thousands of people outside
russia has happened
niggas the record right there
I just want to thank everybody you know
what is this is a movement this is just
a normal situation and I wish the press
which other state but they don't do that
you know that
people
they never ever do it last night we set
a record and one of the reporters
actually called and apologized because
they refused to write the real number
and actually called it appalling I won't
say who because actually the person is
not a bad person looking to people I
meet you believe this
one of the biggest crowds
people started lining up seven hours ago
see what they don't know is there may be
the best I can see they may be the best
in December Wednesday
way but they don't know maybe the best
location but these people who are going
to be famous
your smile and have a good time
me personally it was up to me now you
waited what 78 hours it was up to me it
was up to me I think I might rather be
there wanna be famous
racism and thank you
and it turned out that the financial
jobs at Bank of America and I putted it
when I talk about it it's a little
embarrassing but it's so good almost a
hundred pages long
ahead of schedule even these politicians
have like one page and their 45 days
later I put it in and said I said you've
got it do it on time on time and under
budget right like the state
and we put it in and they went back to
look at the number this media back this
is crazy
because they wanted very little debt
tremendous cash flow rate company and
I'm not pregnant I'm saying that kind of
thinking our country needs
because we are in serious serious
trouble and you know I say it alot our
country doesn't win anymore and I have
another way of saying I have another way
out we don't use all the time but it
doesn't sound as good
our country doesn't win anymore we don't
win we win with the military I system of
the military
because Harris 22 veterans commit
suicide in one day and you believe who I
think that's possible I said you mean a
week you mean a month a year they can't
get treated they can't get service they
wait for four five six days in a waiting
room can you imagine you go to a doctor
doctors I'm streaming
can you imagine you wait in a waiting
room for four five six days and at the
end of that you don't even get service a
lot of times they leaving that going on
vacation
we're going to take care of our best are
great people willing to take care
she came out last week the cover of time
and incredible story written by somebody
who's a real writer a really talented
person in the media
you don't say that often these this
person and you know it's amazing I never
struck should do better and maybe I
should never speak to these people it
was the best and it talked about this
phenomenon and it really is no matter
where we go this is packed thousands and
thousands of people outside we have
screens set up from outside we have
thousands of people outside you'd rather
be here right
and Virage she was barrages by thousands
of people and they were angry because
she was making it sound like anger is a
bit and angry angry because we're run
incompetently by incompetent people
35,000 people we have crowded schedule
data beyond belief in new hampshire we
were sending every record no matter
where we go we said this is a record
tonight you can see it
because I feel the same
you know a friend of mine is a very
powerful businessmen and used people
like this by the way with Mexico and
China and Japan we have people that a
political acts he said to me how the
hell did you do that you watch the other
night on television we had a place it
was amazing to watch one of the most
successful people he said that's nothing
look at all the cameras back there two
hundred and thirty reporters two hundred
and thirty Press he said how do you do
it I said you know there was such an
issue I swear this is true there is so
much love in the room it's easy
there is nobody else has
between 230 and they go in and the
bullets going in one direction and if a
few people and I say sometimes I look at
the audience that guy right there that
right
that beautiful woman right here but if
we had guns strapped right onto the way
believe me if we had a gun strapped onto
the bullet going in the opposite way too
different story however the military
base a year ago we had five so great gun
free zone right
done job nobody better with guns and
weapons and this man won all the awards
the other foot rachel is wacko shoot
guns of four hundred yards away
gun free zone you know when you say the
sick baby we get rid of my gun free zone
problems because actually we have
$21.21 how much
number one place
and I say
the United States is the largest
purchase drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs
but that doesn't have the right people
so they have the region because without
that and then you have
with the evangelicals in the United
find out you know yesterday we always
talk about china and the president of
china our trading partner a wonderful
partner they take if they can't be the F
35 play the fighter right you know about
that did you hear about that you can't
tell the difference you look at it the
company plans and they did I guarantee
you write down the most complicated
mathematical solutions all done
hundred-percent stolen off our web and
day and that's right hilary
but every time I go after what I don't
understand when you see the night and
then how could you do that how many
why what is going on and why and then
you look at the bottom you can possibly
do that i mean that's like 24 hours a
day
who can do that many 22,000 that's like
one little match so I don't know hilary
is gonna get a chance to win by the way
I'm beating her in the polls
I'd love to run against wright also love
to run against the communists I never
thought
today in our country when you think
about it when a communist
the real numbers come out she's really I
watched them I say you mean we have this
great country we have this so i watch i
watch this great country and if that the
best we can do that's pretty sad when
you think of it
so we love
so I would around hundreds of acres
right in the middle of miami right near
the airport we had a big Darrell
tournament championship and it's great
nobody else has
jobs with dead with related and a lot of
places in my life going to know about it
a lot of money I love this state I love
this day but but I've created tremendous
numbers of jobs down so drought market
was bad that's when you like to buy
right when the markets bit so I go in
and we signed a contract everybody
wanted everybody we go ahead and I
signed a consistent way the country
should help i'm saying because this is
the way the country should be run so I
go in and was very competitive everybody
wanted to but I was the first one they
had to sell it as a lot of problems and
I bought it and I signed contract I
signed contract for a hundred and
seventy million dollars for 170 which is
very cheap but it had to be redone you
know in the meantime you see what we did
I spent a lot of money minute incredible
the best so and a lot of people who work
in a lot of good people a lot of
Hispanics are working there
and by the way by the way by the way
today I just settled with Univision
but a lot of this work for me I've been
through a house in 2000 and a lot and we
have a lot but the route so I signed
contract 472 right now I go in for a run
into an interview with now I'll do it
ready to sign a contract and then I say
no this just remember what we have to do
with China Mexico where everyone's
moving it to Mexico I just heard carrier
Air conditioners moving in the business
is moving in
United everybody by the way how quiet
house you know he's my friend but he's
really a pain to keep quiet quiet quiet
he's not a protester but Mancini
so they're all moving into mexico y by
drought 170 we haven't closed yet and I
said to my daughter Ivanka has anybody
heard of it
and I go through it was gonna make it
but it's really bad so I go back and I
need all these guys from the Wharton
School from Harvard and i said im not
gonna pay 170 I'm not doing too much
money if I didn't promise that I
wouldn't use bad language I would have
used much stronger like it would have
been more interesting than the places in
lousy condition I don't like it I'm not
pay tribute to frighten me they said no
way I'll give you a hundred they said no
way
hundred should know what to watch for me
it's fun it's again for John Kerry its
work its labors
is that the saddest
but for me it's just a fun whether I
paid for a good price you got at the
right time so I said if we go in we meet
these geniuses I say you got to cut the
price it's not what you told us I did it
it's fiction it's a terrible terrible
shape you got it the way they should
know what will make somebody else to
break it they should in no way no way
we're gonna do it within about three
minutes haitian how much would you take
I said I'll give you a hundred and ten
they should we can do that we can get
away after about four minutes we agreed
to take twenty million off I paid 200
for four minutes work as a twenty
million dollars
right now we have now you take $100
dollars and it took forever
two days later I'm elected president
they would have been out
we don't mean for us for our people
getting those hostages back to say no
when you leave within a couple of days
Palace hundred and fifty what does
hostages landed about two seconds later
tell us how you doing a hundred and
fifty billion sorry we don't have the
money we owe 19
we don't have the money
let's go two hundred and by the way this
is in like maybe a hundred percent 100%
but we have people that don't know what
they're doing like John Curry our
secretary of state
we have
that don't know what the Persians a
great negotiators ok negotiated you look
at what they did he never once we did
every single point we have a 24 day
inspection they have with a self-respect
can you imagine a nuclear deal and we
don't know what we call up with a
complaint and they said will call you
back tomorrow we will inspect the area
they call you back tomorrow and they say
the president everything's fine now you
know the supreme leader we won't use the
term supreme leader ok he says we've
just spoken to the supreme leader
probably because they want to kill you
China two thousand years ago they didn't
have caterpillar tractor by the way
13,000 miles it's a massive wall it does
work you know the world's work asked
israel's walls were believe how about
Europe some of the countries in Europe
that weren't suckers to what happened
with the migration like Merkel of
Germany when she did to Germany and they
want to build walls around their own
countries down because much going on in
Europe nobody knows where these people
from and we all have a big heart I have
a big heart you bill to allow millions
of people to fill because their leaders
are stupid leaders and you have to see
the crime in Germany now the crime in
Sweden so what happened with the
beginning to rebound
doesn't have the people
the press
illegal immigration and nobody from the
media by the way but they have to leave
he said
the president
not gonna happen
we're going down fast
trash
and it's not gonna happen in the world
and we have some
three years we can't do it any longer
well we're not gonna be the stupid
people anymore something happening
we have we have you don't really mean
we're gonna build a wall to do
absolutely 100%
build a wall gonna be real wall
right now we have loved you say they
build ramps I don't know what they just
don't not go over the wall that bill
ramps over the wall up and it probably
is a severe penalty for not getting
they've been no we don't give severe
penalties right now
a severe penalty you know we have great
Border Patrol I was in laredo texas and
I was asked I was the guest of the
border patrol they called and they said
would love to see you
great people and they want to protect
and they can do it but they're told to
stand back let people come through it is
so are within Obama signs executive
order let everyone we've lost control if
we don't have a broader we don't have a
country folks have a country so these
guys nice guys some of them and they
said he was gonna build it would simply
you know fifteen years ago they wanted
to build a wall they could build it
because they couldn't get the
environmental impact statement approved
can you believe
they have they have also want two things
they couldn't get it environment can you
believe this I've been saying the oil
right over I've been saying for years
and now finally it took Paris and who is
the first one to bomb the French can you
believe that won the French the French
but I've been saying for years and what
happens they don't do it one of the
reasons because the environment through
can you believe why do you think General
George Patton would general douglas
macarthur are great modern day general
what do you think they would tell you
right now
yeah I'm the only one I said don't go
into Iraq I'm the most militaristic
person in this room except for that guy
right day probably be on the
militaristic person in this room
believe me we're going to build on
military so big so we are going to be
nobody's gonna play with us nobody's
gonna miss
best-equipped I think I make it a
struggle would never gonna have to use
it I actually think we can do it but
right I think it's the cheapest thing we
can do
we have to check what he said at least
four like many years but I actually
think he's a are prepared and this is
what we need with all these maniacs
coming in when we want to take people
from the migration line we have no idea
who that we have absolutely no idea they
have no paperwork there is absolutely no
way we can never tell and I'll tell you
folks would not take it on and if we do
take him from somebody else was sending
back that we have no choice we have
and we have to
like they used to be done and the people
of our country they're incredible people
and they really love the country
and 100%
how could you get them because the cost
of the law is peanuts I haven't even
figured out the cost the cost of the law
is peanuts absolute peanuts compared to
the kind of money that mexico is making
off the United States and that's not
including all of the drugs that are
flowing right
that's not a
so these guys will never ever asked out
if you talk about that Mexico has
lobbyists believe it or not everybody
has a lobbyist every person that deals
with the united states have lobbyists
and special interest so when they come
to me they should lift layoff Mexico
little bit you know they can't do that
because nobody gave me money and I
wouldn't do it and I'm working for one
group of people and that's this group of
people
the head of his finance committee is a
friend of mine is putting Johnson he's
from Johnson and Johnson Woody Johnson
Johnson and Johnson has a hard time with
the jet Johnson is a good guy he's the
head of his finest so then you wonder
why is it that the politicians don't put
out drugs to competitive bidding and
then he wouldn't Johnson died when he
was governor we have what kind of cities
do we haven't welcome is right we have
sanctuary cities in Florida while he was
right after he left Florida went down I
would see a Florida went to hell and
this is what we have but in doing so
when you have what do you know you have
other woody Johnson's feeding other
people in other industries taking care
of all these people so when they go up
and then they say 200
some twenty-five years but i dont wanna
we need the cover of Time magazine
that story was something special now
we've all wasted a lot of time we've
always had a lot of energy in my case
i've wasted a lot of money if this
doesn't happen I don't care about the
money but the energy is incredible I
think we have a really good chance you
know when we won new hampshire
when we won new hampshire there were
questions like talked about the Muslim
we have a tremendous problem and I said
we have to study it we have to see that
has to be a bit nobody's gonna say that
we have problems folks we have a problem
we gotta find out radical Islamic
terrorism we have a president won't even
use the term you can't solve a problem
if you're afraid of it you can't solve a
problem if you're not even mentioned
we're gonna make our country so strong
gonna win again and again we're gonna
win but he's like have to do you have to
go out and vote for wasting our time the
movie
so I wanted you people I've been all
over and what I said to my friend is
true I love you people get out and we're
gonna make America great again we're
gonna win we're gonna bring our country
back and we're all gonna be proud once
again
thank you

PC board member Abby friedman good
afternoon and welcome to the RJC
presidential presidential candidates for
him my name is Abby Friedman and I'm a
national board member of the RJC from
Las Vegas Nevada as you know your dishes
a great language it expresses feeling
and character to Yiddish words that
don't often appear in the same sins
nevertheless seemed to capture the
unique nature of the leading candidate
for the republican presidential
nomination donald Trump is a mensch with
foot spa I'm at donald Trump thirty
years ago through my work as an attorney
in the Atlantic City gaming industry so
I know that while Hotspur gets the
headlines he is also a mention at heart
I saw this personally when three key
senior executives of Trump's gaming
companies tragically died in a
helicopter crash in 1989 donald Trump
stood with a completely devastated
community with extraordinary compassion
generosity and bold character behind the
headlines earning the title of mensch as
for huts both really
donald trump candidacy is built on
Hotspur on a fearless ability and
tenacity to tell it like he sees it even
if some people don't want to hear it
especially when people don't want to
hear it among the presidential
republican candidate Donald Trump may
also be the most closely connected to
the Jewish people
his daughter and his two grandchildren
are jewish I guess theoretically it
makes him he is also a vocal supporter
of Israel and its great leader
by minister
though he has raised his voice often and
loudly in support of Israel safety and
security for that we are extremely
grateful donald Trump says it has to be
said to whomever needs to hear it right
now
America needs to hear it because
america's in trouble and it's going to
take a whole lot of foot spa to make it
great again and so it is my honor to
introduce the front runter frontrunner
for the republican presidential
nomination a captain of industry
investor author public personality and
candid
of the United States amends with a lot
of ladies and gentlemen Donald Trump
you just like me because my daughter
happens to be Jewish right she has a
great husband Jared and I'll tell you if
I could not be happier and she's very
proud the only bad news I can't get her
on Saturday I call and call I can't I
can't speak to my daughter anymore and
Saturday so but that's okay it's an
honor to be with you and you have
devoted so much time of my life to
israel and the other politicians they
can talk but believe me they haven't
done what I've done I've received many
many awards I was the grand marshal was
the grand marshal of the Israeli Day
Parade at a very dangerous time when
people said don't do it don't do it I
walked up fifth avenue i'm looking up
for lots of trouble but I said no way
that I'm not going to do it and it was a
rough time as you know is 2004 and it
was a tremendously successful bread
maybe the most successful parade that
they ever had a different position than
the other candidates because I'm the one
candidate I don't want any of your money
I want to support but I don't want your
money I'm self funding my campaign it's
been an amazing experience for me
because I have very little money
invested so frightened by this time but
have about thirty million dollars in ads
and have done all I took a small radio
commercial the other day and Iowa but I
we have virtually no money invested in
EADS or advertising and I think you as
business people will feel pretty good
about this and respected and at first I
was embarrassed by the said well you
know I think we're gonna have to spend
money just to spend money but it's not
really like a good thing to do because I
am interest place by a lot not even
close every single poll every single
state the numbers just came in three
minutes ago in new hampshire the pee pee
people trumpet 27 the next one is 1310
985 and the rest are off the board they
have to drop out pretty soon I get most
important favorability now I still like
them the top number most but
favorability is now 5239 which is good
good and I beat Hillary in the Fox
polish you see very easily 46 241 that's
ultimately the most important and you
know i've been a tremendous fan and i've
been a tremendous contributor I've given
a lot of money recently to hide Saleh
$100,000 emergency response they do a
fantastic they do a fantastic job and my
father fred was always a big supporter
so I i grew up in that environment where
I grew up in Brooklyn Queens and Israel
was always very paramount in our mind in
fact I've been sometimes criticized as I
receive so many awards from Jewish
groups and they look at my wall to load
it up and but now the Christians are
catching up I have to tell you why
Christians alike in me a lot lately and
they've been great so Obama is the worst
thing that's ever happened to israel and
and when I see great friends of mine who
are very very pro-israel very i mean
they love it with passion and having
fundraiser so what are you doing and
it's almost like they don't know he
comes to we don't know I say is a
disaster I really believe the RND look
I'm gonna go she liked you folks would
negotiate is we don't build gas stations
in the middle of as you know Afghanistan
443 million in legend is a small gas
station 43 million dollars and then they
used the wrong kind of terminal because
they don't sell that type of gas ok 43
million bucks for gas station how many
think they could have done it for less
would you raise your hands place but I
look at Obama I look at that deal we
gave to a red hundred and fifty billion
dollars they don't need to develop
nuclear weapons taken by him they can
buy amidst room why do they have to
develop them they can buy a Wii game
hundred
fifty billion dollars they go out and in
terms of you know surveillance they have
the right to self and spec tell about
that on the major the most dangerous
they can self inspect
themself inspect and then you have of
course 224 days but the 24 days world
good with contracts don't start until
such-and-such happens it could be
forever before you have a go in to
inspect and we don't even get up
and now they want to start a negotiation
to get the prisoners back and they won
nineteen people for our three they don't
want to give us up for you know a four
but they only want to talk three now
that should have been negotiated right
at the beginning three years ago and
maybe better than anyone in some of the
people in this room understand what I'm
saying it should have been you walk in
by the way did you ever see a
negotiation take so long and we conceded
on every single anything we didn't win
anything but that should have been with
our prisoners
day one whatever it is years ago we have
to get our prisoners back you don't want
them we need him it'll make us look
better
those everybody's gonna like us more
with the american public any deal we
strike it's gonna look good and we have
to get our prisoners back day one they
gonna say no we're not giving and we're
gonna say bye bye bye callers when
you're ready and then we go out and
double up a triple up to sanctions I
guarantee you within 48 hours they're
calling begging us to come back to the
table and you have your prisons it's so
easy now that president you saw that and
John Kerry who is probably the worst
negotiator I've ever seen
have ever seen he did not read the art
of the deal folks I can tell you now
he's one of the few as one of the
biggest-selling of all time the business
because he didn't read it and Obama
definitely dinero Bhama but they said
this is hard to believe but this is what
they say lot of press back there so I
have to say everything exactly correct
because I don't they end up with it they
said we didn't want to complicate the
negotiations by asking for the presence
is really complicated we want to present
his back
so complicated they said they didn't
want to go so now we're gonna end up
making a new deal probably at some point
I can you this I just tell you this i
win
before I take office I guarantee those
prisoners gonna be back they gonna be
back to get it back now our president
doesn't want to use the term we had
another event which probably was the one
yesterday probably was related it always
happens but probably was when I heard
about it I think it maybe not but it
turns out probably was related radical
Islamic terrorism and I'll tell you what
we have a president that refuses to use
the term he refuses to say it there's
something going on with him that we
don't know about
as concerned with what he wants she
shouldn't be allowed to run what she did
is criminal with the emails she
shouldn't be allowed she's going to have
to follow his line because she's on a
threat in real life
his attorney general has us' attorney
his attorney general to his attorney
general can listen to him in my opinion
I think it's very dishonest what's going
on with our government General Petraeus
was given a life changing sentence other
people have been sent to jail
Petraeus was essentially look we don't
want to get into it with the pool guy
but he won't say nothing compared to
what she did for nothing
45 percent of what she did and Obama I
mean she can't go against him that he
had ever so when you see hillary backing
up virtually everything he says and he's
got control of her I mean it's just
total control but I'll tell you what she
shouldn't be allowed to run what she did
was a criminal act and remember this is
a six you have a six-year statute of
limitations so she's fighting for life
if she doesn't go to become president
you could have a real problem doesn't
make any sense does that make sense
anymore because what she did was just OK
and you know she's been involved in
corruption her own life whether it's
whitewater I meet her home life is
corruption she was a horrible she was a
horrible Secretary of State she did a
horrible job other than travel a lot
traveled a lot nothing ever got that the
whole the world blew up around her
it blew up 500 to 600 calls and emails
and everything from our ambassador
asking for help and she didn't respond
the truth is she doesn't have the
strength of the energy she responded to
a friends used you know the friends were
talking about some of those trends are
sort of an interesting
sort of an interesting trend going on
there but she responded you get them
but she responded to a friend but she
doesn't respond she doesn't respond to
an ambassador did says can help hundreds
hundreds of requests and she doesn't
remember this I go every night and I
mean yesterday I was in manassas
virginia an unbelievable crowd the other
day I was in Florida we had twelve
thousand people in Sarasota at twelve
o'clock in the afternoon with the
football games going on
12,000 people the Convention Center held
five thousand so we had thousands
outside I made a speech outside made two
speeches avenue to give me a larger
Convention Center 2nd 21 speech by
people said no that's the biggest one we
set a record a big record we set a
record everywhere in one of the centers
we beat the record of Elton John Sir
Elton John I'm I'm no longer competing
with politicians I'm competing with
musical talent one of the great musician
said you get the largest crowds of any
single human being on earth without a
guitar meaning who doesn't count on
music so it's true we've had we've had
tremendous response we've had incredible
response and I think you know if you
look at what's going on and I think
based on the response based on the polls
again I don't want your money therefore
you're probably not going to support me
good stupidly you want to give money
money even though he's better than all
these guys even though he's gonna do
more for israel than anybody else even
though bibi netanyahu asked me to do a
commercial for me I did anyone happy
about that
and they said I was only celebrity I
don't know this but they said I'm the
only celeb that are not not a celebrity
now politician I'm so embarrassed by
that term you know my whole life I've
been a businessman up in a developer I
been somebody I've employed tens of
thousands of people over my lifetime I
have unbelievable statements an
unbelievable company a lot of people
said he'll never filed this you'll never
run because he'll never won a file
various papers and then he'll never
filed this and then you have to sign
your life away the first paper we all
know that first paper you sign your life
when he did it then they say well he'll
never sign his financials because who
knows maybe is not as rich as people
think I found my financials almost a
hundred pages the biggest ever filed by
the federal elections and it is much
bigger much stronger look at these
numbers and what they don't know if I
didn't run I probably would have filed
anyway because you know I built a great
company and I like to brag about it
whenever possible true some of the
greatest assets Doral you know Doral and
and Turnberry in Scotland and Trump
Tower at many buildings in manhattan
just many build Bank of America building
in San Francisco with a great partner
and so many other buildings and things
and it's just so much bigger and so and
the reason I bring that up his cause
that's the kind of thinking we need and
I don't bring it up his braggadocio
because that's the kind of thinking we
need in this country to bring us back we
have people that don't know the first
thing about the word negotiation i can't
take anybody in this office
believed me and they're better than
Obama and they're better than carry and
they're better than 22 foolish people
people it's so embarrassing when you see
what happens
sergeant Bergdahl alright sergeant Brett
till we get a trader
they get five of the greatest killers
that they've wanted for nine years you
know the deal was 541 and they knew he
was a traitor before we made the deal
you know about sergeant he just said it
six people were killed trying to get
them back they were looking for a
general and a colonel
deserted he was a traitor and we still
made the deal so we get a trader we can
get back to you want to renegotiate some
of us renegotiate yes I would say about
99.9 is there anybody that doesn't
renegotiate deals in this room this room
negotiator I want to read this perhaps
more than any room I've ever spoken to
maybe more so far been called in there
but the fact is I want to renegotiate
that deal I want to drop him right smack
in the middle of worry came from the
hell were they can happen even if we
don't get the five guys back to that's
not gonna happen cuz you know where they
are right now there right now all in the
battlefield fighting US and trying to
kill us and killing anybody that gets
him so they get their five guys that
they wanted for nine years they've won
and we get a dirty rotten trader but
that's the way our way up people
negotiate this stupid people
ok this stupid it's very severe it's
very scared so I just tell you that I'm
going to win
yeah I've been unless something happens
you know
across the street the wrong thing
happens but I think whatever great
secret service here is nice when your
number one they give you a secret
service I never saw so many talented
people great people but I believe I'm
going to win I really great feeling
about it and you know my life has been
about winning have one in my life has
been about winning and that's what I
want to do for the country and people
say about my company in deals and you
can do this deal that had no interest
the other day if she's doing so great
dad we can buy this wonderful office
building
it's amazing see now I'm dealing in
trillions I never heard a trillions
before you know with this we r 19
trillion dollars we just signed a budget
that so bad and the republicans you know
what we know that we know if the
democrats are coming from but these
republican politicians they go to
Washington and didn't and Obamacare
which I'm doing by the way I'm ending up
terminating its gonna be repealed and
replaced with something much better but
they go to washington and they gonna do
and they're gonna do budgets like I
heard the guy before Melvin work on the
budget is all about that what happened
is they gotta do budget agreement to do
this and that and I tell the story then
they will contain the Capitol building
which is magnificent and they look up
look at those columns look at the
ceiling look at the Angels look at these
magnificent never seen anything like it
we've arrived credible and then they
become inch they lose all of their
courage I want to use a nice words
otherwise I get reported wrestling they
lose they lose all of their courage and
they've let us down that won't happen
with me so again you're not gonna
support me even though you know I'm the
best thing that could ever happen to
israel and I i I'll be there at the rear
don't want your money
I want to give money I think I have a
damn good judge and I think I get more
money than anybody else you know the
money I have turned down this is not in
my life turning down money guys wanna
give me made against I would have made
poor Jeb Bush me this poor guy with his
low energy it's sad but what's it came
up with a terrible became so defining
its like having it on his forehead I am
lower 90 is 625 million dollars which
means she's control totally totally
control by the people the game the month
that's why you don't want to give me
money ok but that's ok you want to
control your own politician that's fine
good but I will think about that folks
that don't worry about five months ago I
was with you
who is better than me who is better than
me I gave $350,000 to the Republican
Governors Association everything got a
letter of thank you
350,000 I didn't receive one letter not
one letter from one governor stupid the
good thing is I don't give anyone
anymore you don't get a thank you letter
politicians remember this politicians
forget politicians generally aren't
competent and the one thing they are
good at is getting elected and that's
what you gonna do but I would love you
support but I don't want your money and
I appreciated now let's take some
questions ok
a little bit different than how you
gonna work out into your speech the
hotel you are building right next door
to this property ladder I'm I did you
disappointed you cost me $10 I'm
building a tremendous actually give me
actually but I'm gonna go there right
after this I have to go through you know
you have to watch to make sure the
contractors aren't stealing and ripping
you off and everything else so but just
show you how important this fall is and
how important the country is the man how
important it is to me I don't mention my
projects very important to me anymore
what's really important to me is the
united states and make any great again
my theme is make America great again I
mean it's taken off like crazy the
hottest it's going crazy but it happens
to be a great you know some of these
guys tried to copy it but I had a
trademark smart couple of them got up
now they see why I was making a speech
and everybody stood up make America
great again this study can be but nobody
stood up for them but we sent him a
little notice don't use it can you
imagine I got the approval but I we are
we're building a great hotel down the
road I hope you all say and it's going
to be wonderful come out let's go
yesterday you gave some interviews he
made a speech in manassas talking about
an upcoming trip to you gonna make this
right he also talked about how you
wanted to raise some questions regarding
when talking about the
israeli-palestinian issue you raised
questions about Israel's commitment to
peace my love for you to do you say to
have to make some tough sacrifices so to
that group to this group here those
tough sacrifices that mean return to the
67 borders dividing jerusalem exactly so
I was interviewed yesterday by a whole
group of reporters have maybe and if
they did a very good job fairs and one
of the questions was about Israel
and the palestinians what what's going
to happen I said I use that as an
example of some deals that it may be the
hardest ever in history to make of any
gift until we think of any type we all
have to feel you know we have some good
results and how we use damn good man
good man very nice AsiaSat everybody in
this audience but but I said people
gonna have to make sacrifices one with
my belief I believe that I can put both
sides together but I said it'll take six
months at the end of six months and
maybe sooner you know we have a deal
instinct a lot of us and you walk into a
room you can tell almost like in two
seconds whether or not whether or not I
will know very quickly whether or not
I'll be able to put a deal together I
used that in this interview as an
example of perhaps the hardest deal in
history to put together the strongly no
tougher deal if I can do that it would
make me so happy because there's so much
violence so much debt so much and just
been going on for so many years now I
said you have to have a commitment I
don't know that israel has the
commitment to make it and I don't know
that the other side is the commitment to
make it with that being said you know
have a good chance of winning because
you look at what's going on and to have
a good chance I don't like to as a deal
maker give away a lot of cards by
talking about how I feel about this is
that I'd rather save it for that moment
when you walk into the room I don't want
one side or the other saying look I
think people know where I stand
ok but it wouldn't it be great if they
could make it but a lasting till a real
deal not a phony deal that's going to
last a week and then bad things are
happening again I'd love to and I will
give you know about his as you know he
said it won't happen during weight
meaning he gave up in this before even
started but I think it would be a great
thing for israel I think it would be a
great thing actually for both sides if a
real deal could be made and I'm gonna
give it my best I'm a great deal maker
that's what I do I made a lot of money
I'm gonna give it my best
it would be great if that deal could be
made let me go one point US President
Bush wrote a letter to Prime Minister
Sharon in which he basically said you s
position wasn't gonna be two forces will
back to 67 borders
the Obama administration has given a lot
and a lot of people don't know that I
think the public relations for is your
hasn't been so great
israel's given a lot but hasn't been
given a lot of credit for what they give
I don't know if you agree with
unthinkable and lot of turmoil caused it
but I'd like to go in with a clean slate
and just say let's go everybody's even
we love everybody can do something but I
do think this and I do think right from
the beginning and that one of the
reasons I'm saying it now even though
perhaps it comes back to haunt me later
on it has to be said that Israel has
given I don't know whether or not they
want to go that final step up to them
but israel has not been given the credit
they deserve what they've done I was
really trying to pin you down on
jerusalem is the undivided capital
position you support you know what I
want to do I want to wait till I meet
with BB and I'm leaving for israel in a
very short period of time I know I know
what you saying I just wanted to just
you're not gonna be on Tuesday wiseguy
than we have ever just relax ok Jung you
like me very much believe me ok then you
wonder why you get yourself in trouble
alright you like me very much it's gonna
be fine but again you can't go in with
that if you can make a deal and you can
make a great deal with the attitude we
gonna shove it that you gotta go get it
and do it and do it nicely everyone's
happy very happy
ok don't worry about
obviously you know you've been an
outspoken defender Prime Minister
Netanyahu said you made a TV commercial
a very good man I think he's been
treated very badly I think that our
president has been unbelievably rude to
BB I don't know how many people like me
but I think he's talked about deals
after the fact which is a shame I think
the iran deal is the worst single thing
perhaps has been I've been pretty good
at predicting things I think it's gonna
go down as the worst single thing that's
ever happened to Israel I think it's a
catastrophe for it and I think the fact
that Obama was willing to make that deal
anybody that loves Israel to support
this guy or even the Democratic Party is
is impossible to believe I think there
will be one of the great catastrophe but
if I get in it's gonna be straighten out
tough and it's gonna be straighten out
fast the one bad thing is if I get in
the one hundred and fifty billion that
hurts me and that hurts the people in
this room but the hundred and fifty
billion dollars because it'll be gone
before you get there you know we're
talking about a year and more actually
although the election very quick you
know it's coming up it's now less than a
year and you know we have the the Iowa
starts on February 1st right down the
line and it's very exciting we're
talking about a couple of months now for
it to start to actually very fair person
like me and it's very exciting so the
other guys have a great relationship
with prime minister netanyahu which the
other arab leaders use or know where can
you see yourself working with you think
you have a positive working relationship
I haven't been working too much with the
arab leaders to be honest ok I made
commercials BB I don't know if that's
going to help me in the negotiation I
can tell you
trying to keep it nice and level right
then I get people screaming at me but
I'm trying to keep it is level as
possible but for the most part don't
know the king of jordan is it seems like
a nice man I don't know a lot of people
like him some people don't but I think I
will probably be able to what my history
is you know I took some heat because I
get along with democrats I get along
with liberals I get along with
conservatives I get along with
republicans argue that's what I was a
business person I get along with
everybody we have to get along with
everybody and I took it wouldn't be easy
to get along with everybody democrats
republicans on even run people for the
most part and if they do they're gonna
get you know they're 5% to get a very
small percentage of the vote can get
along with everybody I think that's
going to be a tremendous asset because
right now we have gridlock in Washington
we have people that they don't talk you
know I remember years ago cause I have
been a very political person always on
the other side but always great
political but years ago the republicans
and the democrats like each other they
get along that have dinner together
disagree and what have you know
different views on things but in the
evening that go out and have dinner
together with their families
you don't see that there's total hatred
and his total gridlock I'll give you one
point which i think is important
corporate inversions right she had
companies leaving the United States and
they'll even better taxes and better a
lot of things but they leaving how good
as Pfizer thousands and thousands of
jobs are gonna be lost but they're also
leaving because we have two and a half
trillion dollars at least I think it's a
much higher number than two and a half
trillion dollars that's out of the
country that these companies can't get
back because of bureaucracy and horrible
horrible agreements but because the
taxes are too hot there so onerous that
nobody in this room would agree to pay
that much money to get your money up so
they leave it over there and actually
take the company and they move the
company to the money because that's how
much money the republicans and the
democrats
totally agree that the money should come
back for three years they can get a deal
there's no leadership this is an example
of something which everybody agrees
all the people that you see up here they
all agree but they can't get it done
because their politicians they're all
talk and no action so there's something
undersold port it's not like something
with a don't get angry like his big
disputes and we understand that this is
something everybody agrees the money
should pour into this country and we
should use that money and all things
taxes paid but they agree and they can't
get it done because of gridlock and
incompetent leadership
hillary clinton's your friend of Israel
you know honestly I don't think anybody
can say she says but now she says all of
a sudden you thought because she's going
very very far over to the other side i
mean Bernie Sanders has brought her two
positions that she didn't want to be it
you look at some of the things she
saying right now but I'll tell you
whether she isn't she doesn't have the
strength of the energy tail and I said
it but just take a look should come out
into an event that you don't see another
four days three days
true we don't need doesn't have his
usual needs more than just a support
they need strength they need real power
behind as you know you look at these
countries all over there is just one
thing and I think you'll all admitted
these people are fighting really dirty
but they fight a lot better than we used
to think right we still think it was
easy
fifteen years ago with my friends from
israel has used to smiling
fighters and in that they're not the GV
hey Obama said that the jayvee tonight
the jayvee folks we need tough we need
General George Patton we need general
macarthur we don't need two guys we have
I seen on television generous saying
well I she's very tough I don't know I
don't need to do you think General
George Patton they don't like him
because he was a foul mouth vicious
horrible brilliant guy so he would never
make it probably would have been thrown
out years ago but we need we need a
genius and we have those people we have
those people will find that person but
with enough the crap out of them I'll
tell you what within a win with a win at
a time but last question frank and water
as you see it the greatest challenges
facing the United States Russia China
radical Islam I think radicalism right
now is actually about to go again we
have a president refuses to use the term
but radical Islam is a tell you one
thing I know isn't is global warming
that's the one thing that's one thing I
know is I mean we have a guy that just
the other day said that they want to
blow up with this is right after Paris
they want to blow our cities they wanted
to destroy our civilization and he's
worried about global warming which a lot
of people think is a hoax by the way I
won so many environmental awards
shockingly know it's true
and you know I do what I want really
immaculate air I want clean crystal
water I want a lot of things a lot of
things but global warming you noticed a
change in a global warming climate
change they go now it sort of I like a
lot of extreme weather how can you miss
with extreme weather it's cold it's ok
if it's hot it's ok if it's windy inside
of you have to everything so now they
use extreme weather it is a disgrace
what's going on and to have this man
embarrass us by standing up and saying
that global warming is our biggest
threat we got to get him out so fast and
thank goodness we only have a year left
my time and thank you thank you thank
you thank you thank you
thank you everybody thank you thank you
so much

thank you very much
going now everybody wants to bring it
back it's the same everybody loves each
other I'll tell you we left so many
places and we go we go to new hampshire
we go iowa go south carolina we go to
virginia we go no matter where we go
Dallas no matter where we go it's the
same thing is so much love in the room
it's easy to do this it really is it
easy to do
it's amazing I want to thank Herman Cain
my friend for his wonderful remarks he's
really a good guy
999 right now
999 wherever it is thank you I mean and
you know we had a meeting today that was
amazing we had the african-american
pastors so many came up to trump tower
it was like one of the most inspiring
meetings it was an unbelievable the love
they have for the people that they
represent and people generally was
incredible and I just want to tell you
they left Trump Tower identify mediately
got on the plane and i felt very
inspired it was a really terrific day
show and bruises here where expressed
without wearing a brace bridge get over
here bruce you know bridge so you know
Bruce Bruce
Bruce
all right now get them out if you never
know when you ride with this guy I was
in New York and I went up there guys on
a serious note to just defend a lot of
things that you've been seeing in the
news that we're totally false
donald Trump is not a racist guys
probably never met him I met him several
times actually wrote back on his plane
got to help plan the plane with my
beautiful wife Sharon over here and we
had a big meeting up at the Trump
headquarters and we had over hundreds of
pastors that showed up that look like me
and leaders across the country to
denounce this rumor this accusation
against this fine man it's all
guys when I want the first thing when I
walked up to his office I looked around
and it was so culturally diverse it was
amazing
most of the women were in charge they
have the higher positions in his
organization does John know that on a
serious note I won't talk because it's
about Donald Trump I just wanna let you
know that you know I am wholeheartedly
thankful to be a part of this campaign
and helped him and I hope you guys help
him I know there's a lot of
establishment guys I was part of the
establishment nice to be a chairman and
when a GOP chair so we all know me but
I'm here to tell you it's not about
anything else except you guys the people
and I just want to let you know that
donald Trump is here for everyone hears
every voice and he's our guy
we met with many many pastors and it was
just great so as you can see the people
are still pouring out now we could we
could get all of these people coming in
right now if you'd like to wait for 45
minutes before we saw you want to do
that
I had a feeling you were going to say
that I had a feeling it's been going
amazingly well you do have the
mainstream you have been hearing about
mainstream media all my life
I've been hearing about it and it's true
I mean they don't give you accurate
really representation it's an amazing
things they don't do it they don't do it
unites constantly talk about the cameras
in every show the crowds they never
showed that grabs my wife is always
disappointed you must not have had a
good crowd tonight but now after about
three or four times she understands they
never want to show the crowd they never
want to fan the cameras it's an
incredible think can you do it maybe
once the cameras and camera
I should be happy is focused on my face
they never move it nobody knows what's
going on because you really don't they
don't want it sounds crazy they don't
want to show the kind of response we're
getting so we had twelve thousand people
we had twelve thousand and Sarasota
Florida on Saturday in an afternoon
during football games 12,000 biggest
crowd ever they'd ever had a crowd even
close the arena health six we had six
outside 6 inside I made two speeches and
nobody knew that they don't talk about
his sister is what's important is what
we're living in every single category
winning every single poll
just came out we're beating hillary
clinton even head-to-head by a lot
a lot but she does and that's not a nice
thing to say is we can't afford to be so
nice folks we don't have the option to
know for a while we had a captain's we
could mess enough we don't have the
options we've gotta get it right she
doesn't have the strength or the stamina
to be president she just does she does I
know you have another shogun and one of
these things and she'll do something and
it's by the way the crowds are like the
crowds are like 200 people we were in
new hampshire actually a part of
massachusetts where half 48% you know
why I think so
if Tom Brady likes you you're in pretty
good shape and messages but we have 48
percent in the poll and messages and
we're landing and hilary is nearby and
she's going past and we are all of the
police in Massachusetts give us a
motorcade you never saw anything like it
was like 50 motorcyclists roasting
credit I actually said why do I have to
be president no president ever had a
motorcade like we just got and Hillary
we had 3,500 people and right next door
meaning 10 miles up the road hillary had
about 200 people it was true and that's
the way it is this just came out I don't
know the other networks to keep their
thinking but I might as well
CNBC and she had a pretty lousy John
Harwood was a real stiff wasn't anyone
what a joke he was it was so nice to me
for three four weeks all yes respects
from Paul Beeston
look so forward we look so forward to
having you and any right reads this
question such a nasty cry tennis it what
a nasty question right now they're just
a bunch of phony ppl but when it comes
to this all say it's good because I only
it's good news so good news tonight
funny alright so this was even so it
should staying home and it says you're
the front-runner 75% republicans told
basically you see the charts and that of
truck runs more people are going out to
vote in the elections
it says no matter had no glasses on but
these are mounted I didn't want to put
the glasses on does it make sense to put
him on
no no don't do it don't do it okay I'm
gonna do without no matter what party
affiliation you consider truck brings
them out this is CNBC Republicans
Democrats and independents are all most
likely to show up if Trump is on the
ballot in our analysis we assume
constant whereas the democrats
nominating hillary which is gonna happen
unfortunately or fortunately I'd
actually rather run against her she has
done such a lousy job you know
you know I don't like it is going to be
the greatest job that she has ever done
will be getting out of the email scandal
assuming that happens that will be her
greatest achievement you see all the
classifieds today did thousands of that
many 3,000 here five thousand how do you
have that many emails anyway but they
have thousands of classified this
disgusting frankly she should be allowed
to run she shouldn't but the democrats
are protecting her she's being fully
protected as the expression goes at and
by the way we can't tell anyone you know
every time I did and tell jokes these
guys put on like you know little sick
like the belt right the belt you know
what I'm talking about Carson how it
doesn't work that way if you hit and I
wanted to like a whole big thing
ciampi possible the belt requested some
virtual dislike for three minutes and I
pull over to the side and a start
showing
and I sought showing it they never show
anything just at two or three second
clip and playing with my belt and people
don't know what the hell you doing it's
unbelievable and then I i talked about
the other day I talked about a reporter
who changed his story he changes to it
and I go into this highly exaggerated
phase of changing the search didn't say
what you will about all they do is they
show these little snippet they do
whatever they can to make it official
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna tell him
what you folks I'm not going to kid
are you ok so I well
just know it's my opponents do
commercials with the two second snippet
these are really dishonest people like
this guy cases he did a commercial total
stiff and beating a man I'm beating him
in Ohio by a lot and he's the governor
of the people I was and I said that he
had a certain problem right we have to
go into it
ok I well know I said he had a certain
pathological problem now he wrote it I
didn't write it and he said he suffers
from pathological disease ok serious
problem that we have enough problems in
this world and I said essentially the
people of Iowa can't be that stupid and
then I said that people of the united
stage something to the effect that
another attempt to them but everybody
how can you vote for somebody with a
problem like that I'm not even talking
about going after the mother with a
hammer I'm not talking about hitting his
friend in the face with a lot and I'm
not talking about that total nonsense
about them into a stomach and the belt
safety ok
ok I'm not talking about those shoes i
said im not gonna mention them tonight
should just disregard track you tell you
before jewellery in the judge's please
disregard oh ok will do so so what
happens what happens is kasich
commercial but he only put up the first
part he doesn't put up the second about
all the people in the United States take
take little slip it sees a horrible
people
horrible people interesting Linda st.
Paul not that I care about patients I
think he's got one percent but it says
cases does the worst you know it's funny
when people come after me they've gone
down the tubes you look at cases each
now before that Jindal he was vicious
bobby Jindal Alfred E Newman I column he
was he was so vicious who's gonna have
to be a set I don't even know this guy
and then yet Perry the nation's guy from
Texas a problem one of the worst debate
performances in the history of debates I
was the debate performance you can never
ever lived down but all of a sudden he
became vicious he goes to Washington
make a major speech on me because it
wanted to pick up he goes to Lindsey
Graham I mean this cool guy
now the poor guy take it easy USA and
its South Carolina I was at 32 of 38 and
he was a true three and he's just
sitting senator how bad Florida Florida
in flood out I met 3228 very high
numbers and a governor bush I mean
honestly
so many commercials I can't watch it he
spent millions and millions of dollars
spent nothing I haven't done a
commercial I actually felt badly now I
actually felt badly I did a radio
commercial a small one because the
pressure is killing me why do you do
more commercials whyyy said I don't need
it but we gotta do a commercial so we
did actually pretty good radio
commercial gonna be doing a lot of
commercials actually I think I think
actually we're gonna be doing most of
the commercials that have somebody hits
me I'm gonna hit them back show heart
which is what we should be doing with
Isis and everybody else
these people that are pouring in the
back they don't know what they're
missing do they don't know so so so many
things but Lindsey Graham disaster Perry
disaster all like disasters think of
this as a friend of mine said you know
so far that's a christian hasn't hit me
yet he will he has to his no choice he
said he's gonna hit me at some point
rubios gotta hit be hey there's only one
way you get to the top of her talk
through Trump let's face it they have to
they have
I think he's been showing support
everything I said he supported every
single thing I said he's been so
supportive but its employees gonna have
to hit me right
gonna be a sad day but we will hit back
I promise I promise but you look at
what's going on and you look at the
world and you see what's happening and
we have to get this right we can put a
stiff we can't put a low-energy person
we can put people's home I've gotten to
know some of whom I respect some of whom
I really don't respect some of whom I
don't respect I look at some of the
people that are on the day as I never
debated before now in all fairness every
online poll drugs used terrific he's a
terrific guy by the way drudge but
dredges a big poll hundreds of thousands
of people died after the debate time
agassi I'm a just on the cover of Time
magazine believe me other than that I
have no power over time magazine time
magazine way they all do these poses
like five or six so we have the debates
every single debate and believe me
hundreds of thousands I am not telling
people to make phone calls all right and
online poll which i think are actually
better in many respects and when they
interview 300 people in the show you one
day I don't understand 300 people I do
understand 200,000 people but I don't
understand why the interview 297 point
three point three is the baby ok so I
never understood that but you know what
whatever it too I took that the Wharton
School of Finance I took that whole
thing and it never made sense to me but
I guess it works crews usually that
right or row
in the last number of Elections they've
been wrong I hope they're right right I
want to be right I gotta be right but
you look at these phones and in the
debates I want all the debates and I'm
saying to myself today CNN I'm coming
over and I told you I had this great
pastors meeting is great great meal took
the camera just 100 from CNN they know
me I love I love hitting damn well the
cameras are not level
I love so CNN gave me the story it was
like a meeting never even took place and
it was such a great it was like a love
fest and I said that's really unfair
stuff so maybe how would you like to do
this box for the first of eight
up with 24 to 28 million people one of
the largest in the history of cable may
be the largest in the history of cable
CNN at 23 million people it was the
biggest show in the history of CNN this
isn't me this is from
ok the biggest ratings in the history of
CNN biggest they cover wars that cover
the discover how about the next debate
is with CNN now you have to tell me
cause I know what they have to say
old trip is chicken ok how about I tell
CNN who doesn't treat me properly they
don't they just right
they really don't have a lot of respect
for some of the people over there but
they don't trip how about I tell CNN
that I'm not gonna do the next day I
tell you the problem you know we just
got this is a nice thing when you're
really smart like really really really
smart like I am
extemporaneously so I don't need
teleprompters ladies and gentlemen
ladies and gentlemen thank you very much
you know how easy that is you read for a
half hour and I talked for an hour and a
half and I don't have any of that stuff
but the nice thing is you can be very
current generating a speech and you have
to get speechwriters to change i mean i
i hear things on the airplane coming
over we can talk about it but how about
we do this was saying I won't do the
debate unless they pay me five million
dollars all of which money goes to the
wounded warriors or go to that
I would love to let me give you the bad
so what will happen is they'll settle
Trump is check and let them for of a man
according to every online poll I want
every one of them now when I turn on the
television and I listen to these you
know the talking heads who are not smart
people at all my education to better
than any of them I'm smarter than they
are many of the people know many of the
people in the room were smarter they are
but the talking heads I could name them
but actually a couple of her actually
starting to come around so I gotta be
careful I can't set of all the way back
again right but you got guys like karo
he spends hundreds of millions of
dollars in campaign she wins not say he
wants nothing there are some people that
are losers ok but how about if we do the
other losses and losses and and that's
the prob we can't have that we can't
have that with the republican party have
to get the right people and we have to
win that's why when I show you this is
Paul it's a foxhole would be hillary
that's what we have to have a number I
haven't even started on hillary yet
other than I do say no strength stamina
but with CNN so I say five million
dollars goes to the Wounded Warrior
warriors and the vet ok do it like that
we're winning by a lot I say we could do
a lot of people say they say it over
here
trips crowd was packed we haven't had a
new look at every Mark Cuban called up
you want to use my career at the Dallas
Mavericks I said what day is it Thursday
when can I use it Monday asset for days
how many seats twenty thousand seats we
felt it up like a day and a half and he
predicted that he knows there's a
feeling by the way there is a feeling
but here's the problem so we're leaving
in everything
the biggest crowds by sparks so much
bigger than Bernie said you know about
birdies and a crowd
may he rest in fish you know we had an
operation today I think it was a hernia
operation you know you know why
carrying around too much tax problems
says he's gonna tax you he's going to
track shoe but let's not even talk he
wants to double or triple everyone that
wants to bring you up to ninety percent
90%
and he wants to bring you because he
wants to take know what happened is
yellow in now has gone way out and she
wants to give everybody free everything
except for the people that pay taxes you
know somebody has to pay somebody else
so it's gotta be late but here's the
problem so we CNN I said no I'm not
doing it their ratings will go down
where they would be you know let's say
they would have had a million people
when they have maybe two million people
and they have 24 25 million people the
case of Fox 23 so they're expecting a
lot a bigger audience this number 52
advertising it all of what I do like
they finally used a beautiful picture of
me sometimes the pictures are so bad
they have my chin pull back so I look
like quadruple chins they picked the
worst but they picked a good picture of
so happy with them I actually wrote him
a letter saying thank you for the first
time in about to use but here's what
happens I want five million dollars they
were getting $4,000 for a 30 second ad
for the last thing they went from four
thousand dollars to approximately two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for
36 that's a lot of money and then if you
remember CNBC extended by one hour two
days before the United Nations extending
it will make it a fortune that would
totally sold out and who is the one that
said no way you're not gonna do it I did
not because I could stand up there
forever but I said you're not gonna do
it and everybody can be everybody this
is like to walk believe me we're gonna
build a wall mexico's good effect
to pay for the war so when I get this
receive NBC to make it three hours I
should number one I can send up here for
25 hours I can send up to date I don't
care who the hell wants to watch the
same questions over and over and over
again like for two-and-a-half three
hours so I said no way and I said when I
could do it no fairness Carson joined in
with me he said absolutely I'll go wrong
and they fold it in about two seconds
that's supposed to be the business
network they fall to quick quick they
folded so we're CNN historical say
chicken he's afraid to debate he's
afraid to debate than what I don't just
talk to Korean hope that all of my
people I said I'd love to watch this
story on the past it was so terrible it
was done by reporters sitting right back
there
away by the way she wasn't even there
she wasn't in Trump Tower that 20 out of
beautiful news conference with all these
pastors and was like we didn't do
anything I won't mention a name I don't
wanna make her more famous and she's not
very famous but but such such a such a
disgusting report so proud Robbinsdale
say that Trump is chicken now if you're
not bleeding and you going nowhere yet
nothing to lose but wouldn't it be
better I'm leading the polls I don't do
it I'd like you to write it gets out of
chicken which I'm not one thing I'm not
just checking every remember every
single I want every single pole in the
debates all four debates check it folks
you know I only said what should I say
anything that's even slightly off the
next headlines every single poll but if
I do this it could be he's playing too
cute and maybe I don't do well and maybe
my real polls which of the polls were
leading by so much maybe they go down so
should I tell CNN that I'm not doing the
debate because they treat me really
unfairly and shape but I will do it if
you give five million dollars to the
vets Wow
I know the people in this room good and
if they covered by her remarks good but
they don't want to just cover tiny bit
they won't mention what I just get so
they gave you like three seconds of this
if I do it I have a feeling I could face
repercussions in the polls should I do
if I don't I don't know if I want to
take the chance I don't know
you know it's a little like ok we are to
the right one of the great i love you so
much for that came up one to do the
offences show became a tremendous
tremendous hit and and by the way the
head of contest was a great guy steeper
came to my office just before announced
he wanted to renew for a lot of money
I'll pay whatever wanted to renew at I
succeed i think im gonna run I wasn't
sure until I got down the escalator with
my beautiful wife waving but she's
waving and I'm saying oh yeah yeah I
gotta do this the bottom of this massive
area was you couldn't even see any of
the marble because it was so many
cameras on it and I took a deep breath
and I went and I get it
and I and by the way and that speech we
announced illegal immigration we
announce the whole thing as it turned
out to be a very very big deal
a very very big deal right
very big so will the wall so so what
happens so what happens with the
apprentice we went on and didn't have an
option because everybody said while
trumpeting adobe is not a television so
they did a one-season deal without an
option very unusual didn't want to waste
the ink and critics said why would
anybody want to watch The Apprentice
with Donald Trump and then they said the
worst insult ever had this one critic a
total moron chet women will never let
you know what lets women watch a show it
can be successful as women make up a big
part of the audience said unless you
have big women and you just can't the
people on television know that and is
one guy said why would women ever wanna
watch donald Trump intelligence you
believe this is when it first came out
show a very insulting fact I said to my
wife and my that bad dialing am i that
bad and I should have been fine but the
show and it starts at number 10 Agosto
number eighty goes to number five anyway
many evenings the number one show and
tell became this phenomenon and so what
happened
check because they didn't have an option
so what happened is she came to me and I
read all about friends where they made
two million dollars an episode and it
will how many of them five or something
right
Jennifer Aniston all of them and they
had like a union but they made a lot of
money per episode I would not form that
union if I would Jennifer maybe I would
have asked for more but that's okay
she's a team player so what happens what
happens I should I know nothing my agent
told me don't do the apprentice in the
first place
not gonna work so I fired him I said you
know the show just went to number one
night fire at my age
so I'm stuck without a date but I we
thought about these ridiculous hours at
these television stars and I asked for a
tremendous celery should look I have the
hottest show on television you remember
that she's in one particular the final
episode I think was second after the
Superbowl had tremendous numbers of
people watching it and I said I don't do
this myself i dont this just two simple
and so yes for a crazy number and they
should know they turn me down and I said
man I just blew it and two days later
they called me back we'll give it to you
ok and I said why they paid me for you
saw the money I made on the apprentice a
defile and how much was it two hundred
and thirteen million dollars you believe
that nobody believes I don't believe it
I mean to be honest I had a file in the
file myself and everybody should run
maybe he's not as big as people think
and you know what's gonna happen and he
won't file well I thought and I was much
bigger and by the way I don't say that
bigger better stronger low debt
tremendous cash flow numbers that I
would ever believe even fifteen years
ago I just a great company
the reason I say that is it for ego it's
because this is the mentality this is
the thinking that we need for our
country to make us great
just to finish and then we're going to
get back onto that but just to finish I
said to the head of NBC why did you fold
as I love this as you know I love to
know why did people fold like a little
people that why did they followed so I
said why did you fall he said you know
we want and we started interviewing
other people but in the end we didn't
want to take a chance ok and it's the
same thing with us it's the same thing
with us we are going to do something so
strong and so bold but we can't take a
chance and picked the wrong president we
can't pick a woman who was totally
embroiled in scandal for her home life
whitewater don't think of it whitewater
whitewater was no different
everybody that study that they did a
book on it she should have been indicted
she should have been indicted
how bad was the the cattle futures the
cattle futures right where numbers went
up like she made a massive amount of
money in like one week and guys do this
professionally all their lives if that
the whole thing the whole thing is a
scandal the whole thing is corrupt it's
corrupt and it has been you look at the
foundation you look at everything it's
been so bad for so long we can't do that
we can get involved in that stuff
anymore and honestly it's true she'll
say hello to people she disappeared for
five days I don't disappear for five
days tomorrow I'm going someplace all
the time
the time I'm going we need tremendous
stamina we need tremendous strength and
this is women men you know what we need
strength training and we need smart just
a tough person cuz I know tough guys I
know it tough guy people and stuff is no
good tough is no good without the brain
power you need to brain you need the
brain but we need to toughness to we
need general patton we need general
I mean our armed services today are so
politically correct that a guy like
general patton who is a vicious rules
list horrendous human being who Christ
and it's still in people's faces who
cares he was great by the way his troops
his troops would go to hell for him his
troops would go to help mad dog his
troops would go to hell for him or we
need general douglas macarthur into
history of less one of the greatest
intellect and he was a totally different
type but he was a guy that only
understood winning that's what he
understood we don't need these guys that
I see on television all the time talking
about is very true I there sixty
thousand people we got him through
Harbor planning tolerable planning that
whole thing with iraq again gotta be
given points I said in 2003 2004 don't
go out and now I am by far and we have a
lot of that shy love you I love him
lot of that
we had a lot of action this room and
we're going to take care of our vet we
are going to really take care of our bed
you know we put in a plan recently we're
going to take care of it but we have to
have people that don't talk we don't
want talkers we want to ours we want
people that know what's happening I see
on television all these generals they're
talking about yes well what did we do
this I see a couple of weeks ago we all
go through send fifty men and then he
said why would a president I didn't say
I didn't say that God had said again but
louder Mary Radeva treated George are
you heard what I said well there's
something going on because some of these
decisions are hard to believe so he
announces that he's sending fifty
minutes and maybe someone I don't know
but he sending fifty people over a
fineness why would why would you say
that because now they're being hunted
now they've got target on their back now
the enemy knows it going over there why
would you say that they're being hunted
like like wild dogs they're being hunted
why would you say that you sending fifty
people and it's you know the address
they think it's not even good
psychologically cuz 50 is not the number
I mean you know fifty people so it's not
even get from that standpoint it's not
like we're sending a hundred thousand
people go fifty people that probably say
wow we're number one we're going to get
those fifty of with the enemy right
number one we're going to get there
50 and we're gonna make them look real
bad and number two just two people
ok if you gonna do it either do it or
don't do it but you have to either do it
or you don't do this strategy their
strategy is totally wrong so I write the
book 2000 the American Way deserves a
you saw that right did you see the book
does anybody have that book the american
wages in the year two thousand and I
talked about Osama bin Laden because he
was a terrorist with a big fat mouth and
he was going around saying the
destruction he's gonna do and I say I
said in the book two years before the
World Trade Center came down you better
do something about this guy Osama bin
Laden I said something nobody's gonna
crawl into Iraq and come back and a
couple of people actually called Osama
he did he came back to knock down the
World Trade Center with thousands and
thousands of lives and people still
dying and families still suffering
because they lost people this was the
worst attack this was worse to Pearl
Harbor caused at least that was an
attack on the military this was an
attack on innocent people working in an
office and having lunch up on top of the
world this was an attack on civilians
were stacking attack in the history of
the country and we could have done
something about it we could have done
something if we had two leaders if we
had smart people could have done
something about that Osama bin Laden was
out there i read about them in my book
he was out there you don't go out and
say we're sending fifty men his another
push a war should have been studying to
destabilize the home at least that's
what happened and I said it
2003 2004 reuters has a big article on
top
Trump says totally against the wall not
because I would be against but because
you have to know I'm gonna build a
military so strong so powerful so great
that will never have to use it whenever
gonna have to use it we don't want to
use we don't want to use it
in many ways in many ways the military
is and building it up is the cheapest
thing we can do because it's like the
tough guy you never really want to go
against a tough you know you get the
test we grow up and we all know what
we're talking about but the tough guy
well hopefully I'm distraught we have to
have cunning we have to have guile we
have to have a lot of different
qualities but we can't keep going with
these all talk no action politicians who
are paid off by the impact that paid off
by the packs they controlled like little
puppet state they're packed we can't
keep going like this we all 19 trillion
that's now going to be 21 trillion
dollars it's a number that appeared at a
number that you would have even thought
this is possible
China's ripping us on trade japan is
killing us on trade with China were
losing four hundred and fifty billion
dollars on an imbalance a year with
japan is seventy billion dollars a year
mexico story fight that's why I know
people say I told you before I said you
know why because then they can afford to
mexico all of the mexican people I
respect Mexico I respected leaders but
their leaders just so much smarter than
our leaders you send Mexico one extra
day there five soldiers out of the
country and yet they send everybody over
the data want people go through mexico
keep going
the dummies in the United States a
woman's pregnant she has a baby steps
over the border she has a baby it's an
American citizen we take care of the
baby for any time
no more and I attack that anchor babies
i attacked and I attacked its strength
and it turned out it was right I didn't
even know that at the time because
everybody said all of these dumbass
politicians said oh no Ono
they are they good one thing I'll tell
you what they're good at one thing
getting re-elected I mean I had to deal
with a guy like a siege discuss nothing
these people these are people that
should not be on this stage these are
people it's an embarrassment to have
some of them in the safe and some are
very good I'll be honest I'm not gonna
tell you who don't want you to vote for
me but there's something very good but
there is some Dutch if not beyond the
stage when you have a guy like pataki he
doesn't even register in certain areas
we have to register and he's gonna be
back on the stage of the republican
party and if somebody's not registered
let's say in Virginia or let's say in
South Carolina because they don't want
to pay the fee because they can't get
some signatures on a ballot and you
can't register because is now the time
limit so you don't have South Carolina
are you have been jigna you're not gonna
be on the debate stage with us but they
don't do anything about it they don't do
anything about it so we have to get
tougher we have to get smarter we have
to really run this country with love and
with heart and we have to take care of
people that are sick and we have to take
care of people that need help we have to
get better health care Obamacare is a
disaster
Obamacare is going to be repealed and
replaced with something so much better
so much I don't know I don't know if you
saw recently where premiums are going up
35 45 55 percent people can afford them
the coverage is horrible
the deductable just so high that unless
you're dead you can use it
ok you can use it as useless as usual
it's terrible and it was all a big lie
28 times you can have your doctor you
can have your plan you can have whatever
you want and frankly the democratic it
appeared that fresh because i dont have
you been reading the papers lately but
Obamacare's in big big trouble
potential trouble they have to be bailed
out big league by congress they could
have to be bailed out big big leak in
1701 Fletcher leaving have a new
president I'm going to these problems to
fix but I think some belief
but here's the problem the democrats at
least we know where they're coming from
these republicans we send them to
washington and I support him I give a
lot of money but we send them to
washington and they get down there and
they don't do the job that they can't
paint or they should women and Obamacare
right I don't know if you have any of
this area probably you do we get into
Obamacare within to do this we're going
to strengthen up here we're gonna take
care of our vets went to take care of us
they talk and they talk now they get
down to these gorgeous holes with a
beautiful marble columns and the angels
on the ceiling and look at this way we
finally hit the big time do we fight and
it comes to a vote on Obamacare
everybody raises I mean look at this
last budget this last budget was
approved so fast and we have to raise
two trillion dollars because of this
budget when you do the budget you
supposed to start the following morning
when negotiating because you're not have
enough time then they should close down
government everybody's afraid of closing
down the government and you know the
funny thing I want the art of the deal
the funny thing is that nobody's gonna
blame me blame for closing down the
government but Obama when people read
the history books not gonna say better
throws down nobody's gonna know Boehner
is gonna say during the Obama
administration the government closed
down he was a hard but president
they're gonna say he was a hot president
he didn't know what the hell he was
doing he was a tremendous divided
because he's the most divisive human
being I think I've ever seen and the one
thing a lot of us thought including me I
said you know what he's not going to be
good but you know he will unify perhaps
the country and he'll bring white and
african-american and everybody who bring
them all together and you know what that
turned out to be totally wrong it's
never been worse when I met today with
the african-american pastors never been
worse than it is today and likely if you
are african-american youth 51 to 55
percent unemployed I mean everything to
me it has been a horrible president has
been horrible to a point where people
that would never vote Republican come up
to my office and they want to really
talk turkey and it's hard for them to
always go democrat and it's hard for
them but they come up to my office
because they really want help so he's
been a great divider he's been an
incompetent president everything he
touches turns to you no wat
everything they give it we don't have
victories anymore right we don't have
the when's the last time we had a
victory we don't have victories anymore
I healthcare is no good it's a disaster
our trade with all of these countries is
no good
our borders are like says people are
just pouring in
we have sanctuary cities which by the
way will end very quickly ok when I made
a speech in Trump Tower that i'm gonna
run and I gave up a lot I gave up a lot
because what I gave up is far more than
any campaign is going to cause I'm
talking now in dollars I gave up a
tremendous amount including shows
everything but I gave up a lot you know
a politician a politician gives up
nothing they run they lose they win they
run again totally controlled by their
donors by special interests and by
lobbyists totally and there's a story
and I have to tell you
positions like and I've been saying it
for a long time I think we had either
nine or 11 super PACs formed for me jump
super PAC one of those the art of the
deal packed the art of the deal so
people give money get all these and a
lot of these people that form the super
PAC have no money maybe I'll give you a
good idea right you go former super PAC
keep all the money for yourself so i'm
saying to myself I would do when people
send to the art of the deal super they
probably think I'm running but we're not
supposed to run it I'm not running it
and I see these two young guys on
television and I see others and there
are talking about the ship nothing to do
with it we sent legal letters to close
your doors closed up I would have had
hundreds of millions of dollars if I
wanted to have a super PAC and if I
wanted to have other people fund my
campaign I don't want other people to
find my
I dot because nobody knows the game
better than me we take the small
contributions because I have to I mean I
have people sending me $21 $17 $28 $100
and you have to let those are people
that are in love with this country and
you have to take the ball like
contributions but these are people that
really want to invest in this country
the greatness of the country i try to
send the money back would cost more than
some of the checks to come in
you wouldn't even know and there's no
letter I can write to a woman who said
in $17.50 with a four page letter four
page letter so proud that she said this
month is no letter that I could write
when she's not insulted I have turned
down tens of millions of dollars and you
know most of those guys have gone to
other campaigns because they want to I
mean that like horse players in a
certain way but they also want taxes and
they want power and i said i dont wanna
take your money I'm not gonna take your
money so has our story was just on the
front page of the los angeles time times
a super PAC called American Legacy
raised six million dollars now this is i
guess its a Carson or carsick oriented
$6,000,000 only one hundred and forty
thousand dollars was left for the
campaign now but this is the same with
Roche maybe not as bad as the same with
Rubio it's the same with all of my guess
maybe a couple of them do it properly
but the consultants and the fundraisers
and all of these people they take the
money they're professionals they make
money better than being a real estate
broker to be honest with you I mean I'll
probably give a lot of people in the
audience an idea but it's better than
being a real estate broker so thick of
it
Jeb Bush Jeff he's he's another beauty
Jeb Bush yesterday said don't truck
tried to talk tough now cuz I said he's
got no energy I call them a low-energy
person so now he wants to be a tough guy
doesn't work you can't be tough enough
you know whether he should be himself if
he should help it do better
can't do any worse but jet version of
the day said Donald Trump doesn't have
the right tone to be present the tone
and I said to my who cares right so his
soda chopping off people's heads in the
Middle East they're drowning people in
cages were like living in medieval times
we can't wait to board they asked me the
other day just ahead and what are the
announces asked me the other day one of
the talking heads actually said what do
you think of waterboarding
well you wanna go a step further than
waterboarding cuz I'm ok with that too
everybody's heads every day you see
James Foley great parents I made a
contribution to the people and the
parents and I they did the Foley
foundation and i got to know them and
him and threw them and he's like he was
like this great person they do is the
first and I said it I think I suspect a
terrible mistake when they did that they
created this tremendous hatred what now
they're doing it all over the place and
we haven't done anything about it and we
have a president that doesn't even want
to mention islamic problems right now he
doesn't want to mention it he doesn't
want to say you know when you when you
think about it he doesn't want to use
the terms he doesn't wanna say what it
is and you can't cure a problem if
you're not gonna say what the problem is
you just can't kill
so we have a problem like probably there
hasn't been fighting a war like we've
never fought of course he's not saying
it's a worry that but it was fighting a
war with it blowing up airplanes where
they're doing things like what you just
saw Paris and other places and we have a
president that refuses to use proper
terminology and why that is nobody can
really tell me that one ok why that was
this audience is amazing I wish I wish
everybody I wish everybody can hear you
know when you think of the radical right
radical Muslim rather anything you want
to say but it's a problem and it's a
problem that has to be addressed whether
it's where Islamic extremists or not you
have to say what it is and that's what
it is that's why there is even a soccer
game recently you saw that the other day
without a soccer game ahead of a dead
one minute of silence for the people
that were just absolutely bludgeoned
absolutely what they did in Paris and
people yelling things from the audience
things that weren't supposed to happen
and the players were unbelievably
embarrassed that it was a great
embarrassment that you don't get a lot
of reporting on it but it was a most of
you have heard about it that was last
week so we need strength we need power
we need smarts we're gonna redo this
country we're gonna make it better than
it's ever been before I really believe
that I really believe I really
I really
the other day I read on the headline of
one of the newspapers the number of
migrants crossing the Rio Grande is
through the roof you know we've been
here not well it's not tremendous
increase the number of migrants crossing
the Rio Grande our country has no
borders if you don't have borders you
don't have a country I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry
provided at the base of Trump Tower New
York if I didn't talk about illegal
immigration I don't even think you'd be
talking about it right now you had cake
in San Francisco you had jim muir this
young incredible guy there was gonna go
to the football player a good student
his father I've gotten to know him and
an unbelievable man and his son was shot
and killed walking home with us in which
his father from the deli he was going to
go on a scholarship to one of the great
colleges maybe Stamford on a football
scholarship the apple of the fathers and
he called up his father and he said papi
called them I'll be home in a couple of
minutes I'm right outside I've got your
sandwich and then a minute later Jameel
senior heard three or four gunshots rang
out and he knew he knew this was a guy
that walked up to his son held a gun to
his head and pulled the trigger right
through the head and when the boy went
down he went like this and he shot him
again and blew his hands off and illegal
immigrant they came over the same thing
in Los Angeles a few weeks ago a woman
66 year old veteran raped sodomized and
killed by an illegal we've gotta get our
country back from we've got to get in
and by the way
either way these three instances there
are thousands and thousands and
thousands it's it's horrible at the
border patrol I was over there not long
ago the rate of Texas and the border
patrol these are great people and their
sit down stand down they can't do the
job they're not allowed to do this and
people are pouring into the country and
now we have Syrians that look awfully
strong now can't do it and you know what
I'm all for abroad for building safe
zones in Syria which and I have
employees from legally here by the way
all have I been tested I have these guys
going to reporters everyplace have I
been tested but I have maybe somebody
sticks and believe me you'll find it if
they do but I have from all over but you
know it's funny they come from countries
that you wouldn't think much you would
never think that you'd want to go there
big ambition is to make money here and
go back to their country they want to go
back to the country and I understand
that I understand that they want to go
home you want to be back with their
mothers and fathers and their soil and
their plants even if the plant is not
the kind of plant that you like they
want to go home to the country and I
understand that and the fact is if you
build
shapes Jones and Boyd you have plenty of
land over there but if you build safe
zones and you gotta get the Gulf states
as an example Saudi Arabia
billion today now that was a couple of
months ago when I was a half a billion
dollars a day so much money they don't
know what to do
wonderful people that treat me nicely by
my apartment I love them
ok but you know what the money is
enormous we don't have money we've got
to get them to put up money we defend
that we defend Germany we defend Japan
we defend his career there right next to
the maniac escapism mania we have 28,000
soldiers we defended give us like
nothing if you wanna buy a television LG
Samsung shop they have come thousands
and thousands of television's in the
last year for different projects right
can you believe I'm running part-time
like running part-time I'm doing well
for part-timers right by the way talking
about so wouldn't it be nice I've spent
less money in my campaign than anybody
else and I'm in first place every one
that be nice
if the country could do the same thing
example officials said you know I have
to spend more money it doesn't look that
good I haven't done that and then
somebody said to me you know what really
is great but nobody but I ever heard of
Charles openly he owned the Oakland A's
right he had the lowest payroll in
baseball and he won the World Series
three times in a row he had a young lady
jacks the young catfish hunter and
George tavern it was one of my best
friends and a great guy but he used to
just by his players all the time and
George tell me this guy's a genius he
had the lowest payroll in baseball and
he won the World Series three times and
it's all his players for fortune and
replace it with guys are just as good of
our country could run like the people in
this room following us to remember what
I've been saying attacked the oil right
I've been saying that now for four years
but I say I say tactical and then keep
these guys attack it but they don't want
to keep it consistent so for years I've
been saying attack attack the world of
ice attack
and they all said that would be
ridiculous Obama actually had one of his
general say well that wouldn't be a good
military I said wait a minute I'm making
much of their money from oil to make it
a lot from banking and who knows better
about attacking banks and I do I'm one
of the all-time lows of history
ok getting attacked the bank's money is
pouring in from illegally money is
pouring in and the banks will stop it
because I know how I know the games
these politicians don't know anything
but I've been saying attacked you
attacked that doesn't make sense that's
not a good strategy I actually heard the
other day that attack into a bad idea
because it's environmentally not
sensitive can you believe
smoke and a lot of do it for
environmental reasons can you believe
the incredible and competence ok
adventure that that is a serious
consideration as to why that in a tactic
just to show you how its stupid our
leaders and these people want to kill
all of us so i been sayin attack vol
well after Paris and right at powers
finally and it was france can you
believe it would strengthen the attack
which I'm happy about what they finally
started attacking the UL and only one
person back there said you know that was
trumps idea long time ago he's been
saying it every time I every chance I
got what I said one other thing I should
attack going recapture get ExxonMobil
get a couple of these great companies
will rebuild the infrastructure dole
about the infrastructure these companies
are amazing
half of you probably work they're
amazing companies they will rebuild it
so fast to build a new and nice will
ensure that will make a fortune and will
give a percentage of that money to the
families of the soldiers of Iraq and
other places
that worked and chilled badly wounded
will give a percentage in that money to
the Wounded Warriors I will take care of
people but these guys don't want to do
you know in the old days to the victim
you know your military man I could see
it stands up straight great guy but I
can see it to the victim along the
spoils right we don't do it we don't do
that we can involve a lot of places when
wind and we live and how got it just
about 250 but how about this one when he
get the exact date when we're pulling ok
how bout that it must be some kind of a
game I thought maybe he's playing the
game that he didn't mean it because he
doesn't mean it'll get them by surprise
see our country needs the world
unpredictable we're totally predictable
he announces 250 he announced next week
will be bombing of certain city in the
meantime it turns out to be hell on
wheels because it's so prepared because
whatever he says sent out to be right
gets it could be leading up so what
happens is that Obama comes out and he
should we leaving Iraq so what happens
and believe me I want to be killed you
know you read all about to go and they
don't wanna be killed
so they put that how stupid is he he's
told us when he's leaving but we have to
fight for their leaving soon so they
pull back and we think we're doing great
and by the way I came because we had no
control over the people that took over
iraq they wouldn't let I should have
their fair share a year and what
happened as I just became more issues by
far than them and more vicious that
saddam hussein by the way who didn't
have weapons of mass destruction so what
happened so what happens is we have a
president that told them the exact day
that were pulling out now you tell me
how stupid is that
and now they have and now they have a
war going on where they don't know what
they're doing they're fighting Syria but
serious fighting I should and they're
fighting together so we're fighting and
we're also saying wow I can't believe it
the United States who's fighting us is
killing our worst enemy houses we love
the United States and shot down the side
at russia and because we gave a hundred
and fifty billion dollars we don't get
our prisoners window got up to go into
it may be the worst deal ever made
everything I've ever seen of any kind so
now we're hiding around potentially
fighting reischauer were fighting I said
I was fighting serious serious we don't
know what the hell with their word we
have stupid people you can't fight and
got a picture
you got a picky guy and I tell you I
pick a shot as a bad guy we're backing
the rebels just like we did you know
their place
ok we're back in the rebels to go in now
the rebels are ices and some people
think the rebels are far worse so we're
back in the rebels look what happened in
Libya look what happened in iraq we
don't that people and we get more
equipment and one-shots dried up in the
air and all our equipment is in the
hands of the enemy this stuff is going
to happen if every single ball that
could happen
every single policy number one by far
and leadership not saying leader on the
I'm just telling you I'll be a great
leader but every single call you know
somebody would win that's why he was a
leader if it's somebody for the Packers
lost all the time he would have been a
leader ok telecheck he's a great guy but
the only way you can be a winner you
can't be a loser and be a leader you
can't doesn't work because you may get
away with it for a little while but
eventually people say we we keep losing
we want somebody is going to win I win I
win I know how to win
just like now we're driving the
republican establishment craze
and the reason they're going crazy is
because they want to have their puppets
and I'm not a puppet and one for you
know which moved to Mexico when they
call me I'm gonna do what's right for
you I'm not gonna do what's right for me
cause I don't care and I'm not gonna do
it right because they were fund-raises
and they gave me a lot of money and when
the best go or just moved its big plant
to mexico want something to show for all
that good stuff
ok and when the fundraisers and the
lobbyists and the special addressing me
about nabisco I'm gonna do what's right
for you so really in a nutshell it's
been great being with you tonight it's
like this all over its like the
enthusiasm of the incredible everything
it's it's like this all over we have an
amazing country of people that really
want to see us great again the
expression make America great again I
mean they really want to see it
we have to get out and vote
don't believe all this stuff i think im
gonna win the Hispanic vote and I
frankly don't think it matters
you know the fact is that if the
republicans got up and voted last time
you would have had a different president
of you know Romney let us down he let us
down and he didn't energize the base
people were saying I don't care I mean
if you don't care between Obama and
Romney that's not doing a good job we've
gotta get out we've gotta be energy if
you have a broken leg a broken back and
broken neck you have to get up and you
have to vote you've gotta go out and and
I'll tell you this and I say there's
even more strongly now than ever before
I've gotten to know so many people on
the trail our country is made up of
believable people and spirit our country
with proper leadership and I'll give you
really proper we're gonna have fun we're
going to have victories we're gonna win
we're gonna win so much we're going to
do things were going to be with you to
take care of our people that needed
which Republicans aren't ever get credit
for and we didn't do that we have to do
that otherwise I wouldn't even run for
office we're gonna have a big beautiful
heart but we're going to make this
country not only great again we're gonna
make our country greater than it's ever
been before and we can do it thank you
thank you I love you
I love you thank you very much thank you

thank you all over this happens if it's
ok I'd like to have a moment of silence
for the victims of the Paris attacks
please
what's going on and when you look at
what happened in that case reported one
from Syria president wants to take in
two hundred and fifty thousand from
Syria
think of a two hundred and fifty
thousand people and we all have hard and
we all want people taking care of it all
of that with the problems our country
has to take in two hundred and fifty
thousand people some of whom are going
to have problems big problems is just
insane we have to be insane terrible and
when you look at Paris you know the
toughest gun laws in the world
Paris nobody had guns but the bad guys
nobody nobody had guns and there are you
shooting them one by one and then they
broke in and had a big shootout and
ultimately killed the terrorists and
I'll tell you what you can say what you
want but if they had guns if our people
had guns if they were allowed to carry
it would have been a much much different
situation I hear it all the time you
look at certain cities that have the
highest violence the highest highest
problem with guns and shootings and
killings Chicago as an example toughest
gun laws in the United States nothing
but problems so our country but he gets
part because we're not smart great now
and I don't know if you noticed but for
two years I've been saying bomb the oil
fields because that's the source of
their well that's the source of their
well for two years we've been saying it
bombed the oil fields and it's such a
disgrace so yesterday they started
everyone showed us a terrible thing that
Trump said he's so hard I always say Jeb
Bush would say my tone might own it's
unbelievable the other day I made a
speech that people in iowa they loved
the speech they loved it and I talked
about the deficiencies of some of the
candidates and the newspaper said it was
ranting raving I don't read that he was
so horrible in terms of what he said
about a day said the truth I didn't say
anything in one case I said what that
particular person wrote about himself
true and they said he was so harsh it
was a terrible thing is I said what he
wrote about himself it's incredible how
dishonest the presses it's incredible
absolutely and I wanted to know whether
to be talking about the wall because
we're gonna build a wall is going to be
a big wall
I was gonna look beautiful someday
they'll probably end up naming it the
Trump wallets gotta look beautiful come
through the openings and they'll come in
and they're gonna come in legally entire
country and that's what we want people
that are here illegally are going to
have to go and you know what
someday they'll come back and they'll
come back through the legal process and
that's what we all want and I just want
to bring something very very special
people on stage but i just want to say
that when I announced that I was going
to run for president
I made some statements that were very
strong but very true I talked about
illegal immigration and I took a lot of
heat that first two weeks and then
people found out I was right and I will
tell you it's become a very big subject
in this country it's costing us two
hundred and fifty billion dollars a year
nobody knows that nobody talks about
that will talk about china will talk
about trade will talk about a lot of
things later but it's going to guess at
least two hundred and fifty billion
dollars a year
tremendous problems tremendous crime
tremendous crime and nobody disputes
when I said if they also known as
terrible tremendous growth and you know
what
and we're gonna have a country we're
gonna have a car
and we want
you not to do and these people are
walking
is standing down there holding their
weapons holding everything they're
amazing men and women stand down people
walk right into the country and you know
in other countries you can't do that by
the way in Mexico and I i love Mexicans
great place to have strong leadership
smart leaders damn smart people if you
want to become a citizen of Mexico it's
the hardest country in the world just
about to become a citizen but over here
come on in we're a bunch of dopes come
on come on come on you know the whole
thing about the anchor babies yeah she's
pregnant walks into the United States
has the baby we take care of the baby
for the next 85 so not gonna happen and
I was right about it
Fourteenth Amendment doesn't say that
you will have a baby the baby to sustain
and they said all you did a whole new
constitutional amendment would take
years and years it could never be cut
you don't need that you know that I
turned out to be right
the great legal scholars have said he's
so you don't need but before we go
further I I just met these people
backstage and they've been very nice to
me because I've been very nice to them
because I've been saying what's been
going on and there are many others that
I've met this is a few the Remembrance
project where people's loved ones were
killed by illegal immigrants people that
we have violently killed one of the men
I became sort of a friend of his Jameel
he had a son young football player good
who is black to Stanford quarterback
great kid never had a problem in his
life
a great young man and he went to the
deli and he came back home and he was
violently shot in the head
many times and his father heard the
shots outside where the saddest
is that he told the story was talking to
my boy and my boy said I'll be home in
five minutes bob
sandwich from the deli and he's walking
home and the father Jamiel Shaw the
father heard shots right outside and it
was a guy shooting his son in the head
and then his son laying on the ground is
like this and he shot him through the
hand with 45 which is obliterated his
hands everything killed instantly and
the father lay down to the sidewalk
couldn't believe what happened
couldn't believe it said this could nap
and he's just a great guy and he's not
here today but other people are and I
just like to bring them the Remembrance
project these are amazing people coming
up States folks
we can't have this anymore we just
like this where it's being run like the
way it's being so cute boy thank you
mister dropped my name is Laura
Wilkinson Josh was a team he was asked
for a ride home by someone we gonna let
it was illegal he beat him in the head
of the closet rod who strangled him let
him go
trying to let him go he kicked him in
the stomach so hard that it's wise to
spleen into in Africa father murdered
him tied him up like an animal grooming
of buildings on fire
it's something you don't want to live
through the list goes on and on
thank you mister truck for bringing it
out in the media's finally picked up on
it happened everything all day every day
I wanna so just one thing don't forget
Brandon Mendoza Dominic Durden Andrew
Rosenberg they're not here today but
then there's a long list of names thank
you
hi Gerry Ruiz and my husband and I this
is our daughter Felicia he was murdered
money and 99 he was ambushed beaten her
throat was cut and she was dead over 39
times and we had been 16 years trying to
get her fugitive he's hiding in
Venezuela we know that much and they
refused to let us have him they know
he's wanted for murder United States we
just hope that someday the youths
marshals will be able to bring him out
Marshall Cameron will to the martial
artists case and if you know we just
want justice for daughters so I'm a
little nervous but we need the link
someone like mister truck for president
so in Venezuela get going to do just
fine with Venezuela if I win if I win we
will get him out fast
from the police catch him we did have a
trial but serving two years probation
my name is Dan Jovic on the father of
Spencer go show my son 25 years old
January 31st this year he was sitting at
a red light in the neighborhood that I
grew up in an illegal alien from Mexico
that it been deported four times a day
rap she included felonies assaults and
burglaries and had been in our federal
prison system for five and a half years
ago that two red light randomly pick my
son out his brains out
shot for more people this is a result of
politically correct they will they will
they they have no problem
sacrificing your loved one your child
for the advancement of their own little
agenda but they they they will PC into
the ground and I think mr. Trump
standing up and saying things that need
to be said that no one else the same
you don't see that you don't read about
in the papers about it you don't see it
it's just unbelievable and I see it all
the time wherever I go because I'm the
only one that talks about it it's like
deficit soared to watch it's devastating
and you can imagine for no reason and
there's so many more I mean I have met
so many families friends with some of
them and you just say how could it
happen
the sanctuary city stuff is just
unbelievable unbelievable it's
unbelievable that we can allow it to
happen in this country is unbelievable
you look at San Francisco with Kate same
thing shot in the back and five times
they threw this guy out of mexico my
opinion they threw a matter of Mexico
City Mexico they say hey the us- doesn't
know what it's doing will send him over
there so the fifth so the fifth it well
or do something very strong term in this
case because you know case law case
loads a good thing they can't even get
it passed they probably won't get it
passed and it's it's a tough thing I see
so much of it I see so much of it
because wherever I go I i wana meet the
people and devastated their lives are
ruined hopefully not but you see it it's
it's a very it would be easy to say oh
it's going to be fine what time it's
done one of the parents said to me was
ten years and one of the parents had to
beat worse now than it was 10 years ago
so you know the time thing that we all
say we always like to say I don't think
it really works but it's something that
we're going to do something about that
if I win believe me we're gonna do
something about it we're going to do
something
all right let's talk about a little more
pleasant situation because we have so
much negative news you know I wrote the
new book right
crippled America and I picked the worst
possible picture myself it was terrible
but what are you gonna zaid scribbled
America and it is we have a president he
just came out yourself what he'd said he
made a little saving I want to say it
exactly as he said it because you know
what I have such a good memory and only
that but he said we have I saw given
notice yet he says ISIL I've always said
I say I like it I don't know what else
is isolate think he does that too maybe
who knows maybe he's one of the few I
say I since everyone seems to say I says
he says I sold but he said we have ISIL
contained now this was yesterday a few
hours before the attack where you had
plenty of americans involved in that too
in terms of the big involved on the
injuries and worse than that but we have
I self-contained we have leadership that
doesn't know what they're doing folks we
have leadership that doesn't know what
they're doing and we have to change we
have to go back we have to go back to
where we used to be years ago when we
were strong and powerful and people
respected as said
and when you had a sergeant Bergdahl
who's a trader he was shot for being a
traitor he's gonna get nothing and we
trade sergeant Bergdahl 45 of the
biggest killers that they want right now
back on the battlefields the back on the
battlefields we have to go back you have
to go back in time a little bit you know
some people tell you going in the wrong
direction and what are the folks mention
the words politically correct it's true
it's true you know that in terms of
remembrance fund when I was with a group
of about two months ago when they heard
that one of their sons were shot and
killed instantaneously the police who I
love the police have the greatest with
the police so much empower their powers
been taken away and that's why you have
the problems and so many of the inner
cities and so many that the but they can
stop it but their powers been so take it
away their day jobs are afraid they
can't even talk to people anymore
can even talk to people but I was with
them and they said to me everybody was
so great they were helping me helping me
helping me and when they found out it
was an illegal immigrant everything
stuff didn't want to get involved in
solving the crime once they found out
who it was and they couldn't do this day
they can't get people involved in other
words it's different if you shot
somebody review shots of the go ahead I
mean they give you that stuff but they
found out it was an illegal immigrants
in the mid and I i dented research and
it's so tough the system is so tough and
so against law enforcement that when
they find out
situations like the people that just
came up when they find out about it they
don't pursue that like they would a
regular situation with an American
citizen doing the shooting or doing the
killing and nobody knows why I think I
know why I think probably because the
process is so horrendous that they can't
maybe they're afraid to get involved
because they want to keep their jobs who
knows but it's it's very very said
so we're doing really well
amazingly well the Reuters poll
yesterday came out you saw that I was
great rugby 34%
greg carson had 19 percent Rubio had
nine percent and crews at seven percent
he's been very nice to me by the way he
has there in florida Trump 37% how good
is that they get that Rubio 16% is the
sitting senators are made 37 easier to
extend its pretty good that's pretty
good that one just came out here is what
you like the best Trump is leading in
Texas that's what you know what I also
like in one of the national polls best
in foreign policy they have me down and
foreign policies best ok so I wrote a
book the american wages and in the book
it was it came out in 2000 I talked
about a terrorist named Osama bin Laden
now this is before the World Trade
Center came down by a couple of Use
Somebody said like eighteen months but I
talked about Osama bin Laden in the book
and one of the big moderators on one of
the morning shows heard about this book
what was agreed in 2003 truck was
talking about a Selma bin Laden 2010 was
before the World Trade Center came down
he took it down it was his people wow
and the guy goes wow that's amazing I'm
really pretty good at this stuff I'm
telling you
I'm telling you know another thing just
happened and thats the oil you know the
way I've been saying go after the oil go
after the other
can't do that hurt the infrastructure
the oil hey we're in Texas I'd seen i've
seen what those companies in your
companies can do in about 12 minutes
he'll rebuild that infrastructure so
fast with with you folks building it
it's a grand so fast they'll build
itself fast and so good just bomb the
hell out of it and so everyone said
everyone said no could you know I was
seeing where they get most of their
money I should they get most of their
money from oil from iraq some in Syria
so there's no you can't bomb iraq it's a
sovereign nation do me a favor bomb
sovereign nation you know what that is
sovereign nation sovereign nation that
was supposed to take everyone end they
didn't take everyone in they wanted to
run it all themselves that's what
happened that's how Isis form ok that's
what happened and ice has turned out to
be a lot tougher than they are so they
have oil and that's where they get most
of their money they also get a from
banking sources and boy am I gonna add
banking I would come down on those
sources
there's there's never been a
presidential candidate does banking like
Trump believe me
they got a lot of money from bank in a
lot of money through different channels
of banking and you can save believing
that problem can be solved quickly but I
said bomb the oil take away and for two
years it's almost like I stop saying it
because everyone was so you can't do
that you can't do that why they didn't
know why but they just said you can't do
it so yesterday they started bombing the
hell out of the aisle and I said to
myself I wonder if I'm gonna get any
credit and actually actually a number of
people call Jake Tapper was one from CNN
sort of saying wow I did what you said
they should do and I had three or four
big thinkers call said well I said tell
me you to say to the area just saying it
to me they say it to me cuz I get good
ratings I want me to go in there Shelly
said say it on the air
don't tell me so they're doing but I
actually did took it a step further if
you remember I said take take take it
and I said take the oil so much money
take the oil don't Lee we should have
never gone to Iraq I said that right
from the beginning of cohesion you know
people say trump has a very tough tone
is a very tough temperament we need a
tough temperament now folks
we don't need a pathological temperament
we need a tough time we have that but
I'll tell you we need a tough time but
if you remember and in 2003 2004 I said
you're doing a mistake with iraq they'll
be nobody tougher with military the me
believe me nobody up on that stage
nobody and hillary Clinton has a total
disaster by the way she is a disaster
but you have to know when to use
military so just like I wrote about
Osama bin Laden and these all these
people saying I can't believe it from
the regional government could do so much
talk about the bad guy you know and
people were writing about him and he
said he's coming into the united states
is gonna do some real damage just so
should not the hell out of me for it
comes in that he came in and knocked
down the world that could have done a
job on that but they didn't but you have
to know
friendly guy and I probably but you know
what I'll tell you so you have to know
what do you have to know when to do it
it's usually friendly the friendly ones
I like to be nice to the unfriendly want
to have to be a little bit tough words
like so so you have to know when to use
it you have to know when and the
cheapest thing we can do is to build up
our military and make it strong again
because we'll never have to use it will
never have to use it right now we're
depleted with depleted we've been
fighting politically correct wars
everything's politically correct we
don't want to do this we don't want to
do that how about this we have to be
unpredictable right and I say that all
the time somebody said the other day in
one of those trips unpredictable that's
a great compliment
tell the story recently there was a
story about being a business deal and I
want I really beat the hell out of these
people which is fine they weren't very
nice but they interviewed the people
while ago and they said what do you
think it donald trump the city so
totally unpredictable and I beat them
because the unpredictability now I
sometimes you want to be unpredictable
around reasons and you it's purposely
unpredictable not like you don't know
what you're doing you got to be a little
bit unpredictable in life and they said
he beat us because we couldn't figure
out he's a good poker player we couldn't
figure out so here's the problem
president Obama announces last week we
are going to send fifty troops are
fineness industry area and into iraq
we're going to send down they leave
tomorrow around 8:15
he'll be arriving they'll be landing at
a certain airport in about 14 hours and
I should be getting off the plane so if
you want to set up your military and
you're everything they have a target of
the hits he's fifty people have a target
on this so now all over Syria Iraq still
looking for his fifty guys at the top
top top guys these are the top people
that we have why does he have to say
that first of all it sounds bad to say
fifty 50 sounds like 50 so he didn't
even get good publicity it's sort of
like either you do it don't do it right
but but these are fifty of our absolute
finest why does he have to say that
we're sending out why couldn't he just
said and they go there quietly and they
do their job and there are people
looking because nobody knows that there
is so bad he is so damn bad
we shouldn't have been in Iraq and I
should get points division cause I'm the
only one on the stage now I'm not a
politician thank God is now I am but I
said don't be there was a longtime
Reuters long time ago they said the
delegation to the white house cause I
was getting so much publicity on it to
try and convince me I said but you know
the problems you than a destabilized the
Middle East you have a Rand in Iraq that
are the same in terms of strength and
they fight all the time these people
fight that's what they wanted to they
would have fired the hell are we doing
they fight a rare goes this way for
years later Iraq pushed in this way
being back forth for decades I said if
you knock out one of those elements
including Iran but if you look at one of
those elements the other ones gonna just
take over what do you do there not poker
players they're not just players
anything honestly the politicians who
don't know what they're doing that's
what they're so I said don't go in and I
was right about it they said weapons of
mass destruction they didn't exist and
saddam hussein talked about weapons of
mass destruction and he boasted you know
why because he wanted to scare around I
made sure he didn't want to say so I
couldn't understand cuz you over played
his cards right they end up finding in a
pipe he came a long way from the
castle's to a pipe would do it all over
his face and he's a bad guy but you know
they end up and I figured out why he's
always fighting with Iran and he wanted
to rent to think that he had weapons of
mass destruction so they would be scared
and they wouldn't go all the way
etcetera etcetera nixon's so he couldn't
that's why overplayed his hand he
couldn't not say that and then we ended
up making a big mistake and we've
totally destroyed the Middle East and
and then come Barack Obama and Hillary
and what happened there is now we're in
and he announces another time just like
he did with a 50 so he announces when
we're leaving only got creamed all over
the place just cringe I mean they beat
him all the time you know we don't win
wars and we don't win anything
win wars member I remember when I was
young we never lost a war right now we
lose every time we can't be nice we can
beat anybody we can't make I will
believe me they and it'll be fast it
won't be long it'll be fast cuz I want
to get around to rebuilding our country
believed I will so so you look at what
happens with a he announces that this is
the same thing is with the fifty men
fifty men will be going in the same
thing we will be leaving Iraq on October
31st at 3:30 in the afternoon so what
happens is the enemy since a while
they're leaving the living is great
let's pull back the hell do we have to
get your dinner you read about all the
stories that they want to get guilty
they don't want to go and their families
they don't want their families killed
folks remember that they don't want
their families but they don't get killed
so they pull back Obama leads now we've
spent in Iraq two trillion dollars
thousands of lives wounded warriors all
over the place where I love and we're
gonna take care of
so Obama made a mistake she's totally
predictable he's totally predictable
we're going to send the 50 we're going
to take him out here now if you would
have said we've never taken them out
we're going to build up with even if you
do it and I know the presses USA will Mr
Trump would tell afib he would tell if i
dont tell us why would they ever say
that we're taking the people out when
they took him so now the enemy would say
if it were me I would say we're not
going anywhere as you're going to suffer
for the rest of your life and your
children you graduate everybody and
they're going to say this case frickin
crazy we give up we can we give her
so Obama told them when we're leaving
left and then they go and it's a mess
now and as yours you stay there you know
you know the fact that when you see the
same papers and teamsters announcing but
Iran is taking over iraq Isis is taking
much of the oil which finally were
bombing ok should have kept it but
finally we really did have his mind was
to keep my with the bombing and keep it
ok now a bombing it and somebody else is
gonna get it right so so so pathetic and
you know what I wanted to do with the
proceeds of that oil I wanted to give a
lot of it to the families that suffered
and lost lives are lost their sons and
daughters in Iraq I wanted to give a lot
of it and by the way if you gave each
family a million or two million dollars
that's peanuts you have so much money
left over give them more than that but
you could give them a lot of money
because they suffered and what do we
have for it what do we have for it so I
was gonna give and and this was another
thing people said oh you can't do that
for you can do anything you can do
whatever you want to do you can do
anything you could do anything and I
wanted to give that money a lot of it to
the families that lost sons and
daughters and and to the wounded
warriors who don't have arms and legs
and and their bravery that all of us put
together so anyway so just to finish off
the pole so they said best in the
military and foreign policy I was a
great honor for me because a lot of
people think that I'll be the best in
jobs by far I will be the greatest that
God ever created believe me I'll be good
and they have been messin economy not
liked by 1 point by like 50 points like
like i on one of my think I was at 72
and number two was it nine that's a big
difference and they have be by far by
far best in leadership
so I said let's best on military and
foreign policy if I'm best certain
leadership if I'm best on the economy
what are we having an election for let's
go
you know a couple of things about the
campaign the one thing they did Sam not
as nice a person to some of the other
people and I told the woman and I
actually am a nice person but I told the
woman who said that she said to me mr.
Trump I'm voting for you I love you but
I you nice enough to be president I said
let me tell you something man I'm glad
you voted for me but I am a nice person
believe it or not I'm gonna have a lot
of good relationship but but I will tell
you
specially with the people you know we
have a good relations but I will tell
you this i really believe it doesn't
matter because I think this is going to
be an election based on competence we
need somebody really and I'm really cops
and we need people like Carl Icahn
industrial a great businessman he's
worth a fortune is a great negotiator
one of the great negotiators other
people are into a semi big the biggest
businessman someone heard us we don't
even like to be but they know I'm really
smart I do incredible company remember
when I filed the papers are on his maybe
as companies not as big what turned out
to be much bigger much better much like
they can't believe it you never heard
anything about it since I file they went
down there hundreds of am looking over
the papers oh my God he's really much
bigger than we ever thought he built an
unbelievable company they went down
there they say more people would down
looking at those papers almost a hundred
pages of financials and incredible
company very low debt tremendous cash
flow the press was devastated right
fellas were you devastated they were
down there would
and I tell you that not to brag about my
company cuz it's a private company
nobody knows what I have private
companies beautiful that was really a
big opening for me I mean run for
president it's tough and he's using all
my life I've heard of your very
successful person you can't run for
president I understand what it is
because they make you a lie and they
cheap and they're dishonest you know
many of them many of them I had a story
recently where I went up in the polls
are leading by a lot and the story was
when will trump leave the race like one
of the commentators in the morning good
guy Joe Scarborough he always jokes well
trumped up in the polls that means I
guess he's leaving arrests leaving let
me tell you I'm not leaving folks ever
I'm not ever I'm not leave a woman to
win we're gonna win I think we're gonna
win but you know these pundits who are
worthless
you know george will because I mean
these guys they said he would never run
lot of pretty he's got the personality
of that piece of concrete he goes he
would not run he would then I announced
they're running you will not file his
paper he will file format a format is
the first filing will you sign your life
away then I file for me he goes oh well
you will not find his finances and if he
does they will never be filed on time
because he's probably not as richest
people so I was one of the only ones
have filed ahead of schedule in fact I
have to be honest my financials are so
good that I hadn't really decided on
running as it does take cuts I have to
be honest not the kind of got to those
people had to I just brought up here not
the kind of cuts the Wounded Warriors
have in the vets have a day what I don't
have that cuts those are real guts but
it takes guts to run
it but then he said he won't so they
turned out to be the only reason I
talked about how good my companies is
because that's the kind of mentality we
need running the country and I was
actually you know they will say he'll
never filed as financials because who
knows when they had no idea I was going
to file them even if I didn't run I was
serious about not running to you know I
did you know the famous scene of my
coming down the escalator with my wife
Melania look very beautiful coming down
the escalator we have to you I have one
beautiful first lady that I could and
she's got a great heart and she is
really smart but she's got a great heart
but she's coming down and she's a very
calm person and she's waving beautifully
like this famous scene played all the
time coming down the escalator I think
they play it because she's in the
picture because I'm leaving and she's
just going like this but if you remember
that famous just a wonderful do this I
mean I'm standing up the presses all
over the place
the place was surrounded they will tell
you I've never seen him like the Academy
Awards and I did this I said I could get
deep breath I came down the escalator
and here we are
who would have known this was going to
happen
when I know this is you know and a lot
of things have happened and a lot of
great things that happens it's because
you know I had no idea that I do as well
as we've done this for now the big thing
these same characters that you know that
said I was gonna run now they're saying
well it's only a question of time before
he could see why I was interviewed by
Chuck Todd of meet the press he's a nice
guy and he asked me that question i was
just came out where I was leading
substantially and he said will you get
out of the race and I said to myself
that question ever been asked to a
person that just took the lead you know
it's such a negative question is this
and I made a mistake I said in giving
his couple of months ago we've recovered
from that mistake but I made a mistake i
said im leading now I have the biggest
crowds the biggest everything if for
some reason I went down in the polls I
believe in polls I think you know
there's at least their reflection of
what if for some reason I went down in
the polls and people didn't want to see
me anymore so you have a hundred people
show up when you have a thousand or
2,000 and 5,000 like today or you
wouldn't do well I mean I'm not a
message probably go out and it was a
killer answer you know why next day
truck may leave the race now right
I don't believe and I remember Rand Paul
who's at like 190 they asked him the
question are you leave the race is gonna
leave the race and i have to leave but
they as and I'm not knocking but its
political speak versus somebody that was
never a politician before I'm giving all
the reasons for which Italy but I'm
doing better than a dividend and the
question shouldn't have been asked but I
give all the reasons and actually my
wife's it was a really nice answer was
such an
honest answer I said good I think I
killed ok so what happened
vs Rand Paul he's at one or two
he's leaving otherwise he's not gonna be
senator from Kentucky so they would you
consider leaving absolutely not I will
not leave the race there was no story
they asked a couple of other guys there
at zero you leave the race you know it's
going to zero and have no money other
than that doing very well right now
there are 0 I saw it the other day they
asked Lindsey Graham
to in South Carolina I'm at 38 he's the
sitting senator not think of it they
said senator gramm are you going to
leave the race
absolutely not I will not leave their
eyes
politician I'm not blaming Graham I'm
not blaming Rand Paul but there's no
story I gave an honest answer and I end
up I will not ever leave this race
and you know what
and I'm still number one by a lot so
that's the reason I'm not leaving just a
couple of things I'm gonna talk to you
about a few things and I know it's a
crazy day and with the tragedy yesterday
that was some horrible thing people see
that and they just it's it's terrible to
watch but I love this group of people I
love this area I know this area have
friends here these are amazing
these are the people you built the
country folks who built the country
you've done an amazing but just so you
know because there's been a lot of talk
lately about stances on different things
without me there wouldn't be any talk of
walls there wouldn't be any talk of
immigration illegal immigration
those folks would not have a voice at
all they've been treated horribly
they've been treated so badly probably
worse than anybody I mean you see that
and because of me and I'm very proud of
it immigration is one of the top couple
of subjects may be the top and a lot of
people's minds it's a tough subject and
when you get to Texas it's gotta be a
real subject as you know the ones that
are really I mean I had such a crowd in
Phoenix Arizona they get the brunt of it
you get the brunt of it some people
don't know it as much but when you got
in new hampshire you know they have a
tremendous heroin problem in doing
tremendous beyond anything that you can
believe that it comes over the border so
they're all affect everybody is affected
when you look at the gangs in los
angeles a lot of those gangs are illegal
immigrant visa tough duty by the way
they will be out of this so fast they
will be out of there so fast
they'll be out before I start to off-set
now all fast by the way they will be out
of there so fast we have some of these
tough gangs and they're all illegal
immigrants and those guys got and we're
not going to put him in our jails I know
a lot of people to put him back with
bringing back to the country that came
for let them use their jails ok let them
use their our jails are brimming right
now with people that shouldn't be in our
prison system they'll be in there for
years and years and years and will be
paying for I'm not gonna happen folks
we're bringing them back where they came
and went and when a specific country
sent them over to the United States
because we have among the dumbest people
in the world trading us and we accept
their people
ok when they send them they're not
coming through not with me then I come
in 1954 general eisenhower you been
reading about the shoe nobody even knew
about $1 brought it up is better than
that guy I do that but I probably
couldn't get voted I don't know but it
looks good but in 1954 general
eisenhower I like Ike everybody liked
ike even though is a general everybody
liked him but you know why because
general macarthur was a very special guy
stuff a genius the highest marks in the
history of West Point General Douglas
MacArthur good right and general
macarthur couldn't stand taking orders
from anybody cuz he felt he was superior
to everybody and Ike was a less than
average student at West Point and
because they couldn't understand you
know to this day general douglas
macarthur had the highest marks in the
history of Westport pretty good you know
I'm into the academic thing to be honest
something right
and he couldn't stand but we have
macarthur's and we have we have General
George Patton
by the way what do you think general
patton would do as he's listening Barack
Obama say we are sending tomorrow
morning at nine o'clock fifty people he
would be she's right now spinning in his
grave and so is but eisenhower was a
nice man I like that was a slogan like
mine is make America great again make
America great again how good is that is
that could do I hit that hit it on the
head
you know I've had guys trying to copy
some of the people running against me
use that expression but I had legal
rights to do you believe how good how
good am i at this time so we put them on
notice they weren't allowed to make
America great again the plane was
landing before and the pilot saying
coming and coming and ok you're cleared
to land
make America great again this is from
the control tower
by pilot said mr. trump card that I
wanted to kiss those people make America
great again but I can I trust I like I
could see was a lovable guy he was a
nice guy but despite being a nice guy
they had a problem with a little problem
so they moved out one and a half million
illegal immigrants moved about having a
tremendous jobs you know jobs is a big
thing they're taking jobs from people
that wanna we have a hundred million
people a lot of work this 5.2 percent
unemployment is not to tell what is
written and designed for politicians so
they look good we probably have a 25% we
probably have 25 percent unemployment ok
if you look at the real numbers or I
wouldn't be getting the crowds I'm
getting or I wouldn't be getting the
responses or the polling numbers we
probably have 25% so I like I said his
task force and they moved a lot of
people and they took him and they moved
across the border and they came
immediately back and then they moved him
again and they came back they say this
isn't working then they moved them all
the way south and then never came back
you know now trust up today at order to
do things like that but they didn't even
think about it they should know they're
here illegally she those days they are
here illegally not legally and illegally
everyone says to me lol Riley the other
night he's a great guy but he said to me
had a little argument with me he said
the court system will take you long time
so if somebody walks over the line they
bring them immediately back right now in
our case we don't but you could they
want government you bring it back ok so
they bring back so they walk over the
line a year ago you bring them back
there's no difference if it was three
years ago they're here illegally
here illegally and everybody said on the
anchor baby I was wrong they said if you
have a baby here and I discussed it and
then I can not to be right just the same
thing I could baby Canada baby here if
you're here illegally have a baby now
you can have some court cases but
believe me I would have a president I
guarantee I went on the academic and I
went on this bill because no I don't
want to go through a court system every
time you want to bring an illegal person
I don't want to go I know more about
courts of any human being on a ok and I
don't want to go through a court system
with the lawyers and the problem but the
here illegally now let me tell you what
happened with eisenhower as it gets
mixed reviews now they sell was very
harsh I'm sure wasn't some cases but let
me tell you when they started and this
was serious was it like playing games
like today where everything so
politically correct you know everyone
knows you well we can't do that let's do
this is serious stuff they moved by the
way harry truman moved they say millions
of people out millions harry truman
before I move millions of people nobody
talks about this they say what a bad guy
a.m. how it doesn't work it does work it
does work and I wanted to come back by
the way just so you know I want to make
it clear I wanted to come back but I
wanted to come back legally and if we
need workers for the grapes and I'll say
this is a lot of people say the grapes
grapes and I don't think any of you guys
are going to be picking grapes ok I
really don't think so
wanna be picking the pockets of Wall
Street but not grapes but if we need
some people we can bring people in on
work visas have to go out if you needed
for the farms if you need them badly
you're bringing to go to go out to be
here legally they gotta be early so
here's what happened in the case of ice
and they move people they move people
and they moved about you know what
happened with the people that didn't get
caught whatever you know what happened
themselves they move themselves away to
come to us next week
jumped out of a month they almost back
millions of people out there they left
of their own volition not that stupid
Romney's stuff was self deportation I
mean how they're going to self deport oh
yeah right then you wonder why he lost
but this is something where many of them
once the system started and once they
saw there was no games they moved him
out now today we have things like
e-verify employer wassup sorry I can't
do it I used e-verify and most of my
jobs I have thousands and thousands of
employees I have hired tens of thousands
of employees many Hispanic over these
many many different as many from mexico
today many many employees from the great
but I have and I think to be it's very
important e-verify so now I find out all
the legal now if they can't get a job to
move on out there gonna move that nobody
has 200 soldiers began to move out so
simple but a politician's a politician
doesn't know what they're all talk and
no action all they know how to do is get
re-elected that's all they're not
and when you see all the problems are
not going to have that kind of gonna
have a lot of winning gonna be doing a
lot of winning I'm telling we're gonna
win everything we start we're gonna win
cuz I went my whole life that's why it
always bothers me that she had a great
time and he's done really well but he
doesn't really want to be president you
know I'm doing this for my health ok I
came to Texas at twelve o'clock in the
afternoon because I wanted I want to do
this I i want the end result somebody
said well why you doing it and I said
because I honestly believe that the
american dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and better and stronger
than ever before I really believe that I
really but I really believe so if you
look at Rubio he was a member of the
gang and that they and Rubio want
honesty give everybody he's just so you
understand jesse anderson lightweights
these are not people that can take us to
the promised land then I like him very
much as well as a member of the gang of
a gang of eight you know that was that
was a group that just wanted people to
flow ok member of the gang of a sad when
his poll numbers went down he all of a
sudden became a nun member of the gang
of eight so Rubio is weak weak on
illegal immigration week on the amnesty
once everybody
can't do it Carson very very weak on
immigration very very very weak whatever
he wants worse he wants a path to
citizenship for people that came into
the country they give it they come in
illegally now they've become one of the
problems with that is we have right now
we have right now
millions of people wanting to come into
the country and they've done it through
legal channels they've done it right
through legal channels and we've gotta
be fair to those people also so just in
a nutshell on immigration because I know
how important it is for texts we're
gonna have a wall gonna be a great
product that people can walk over to
climb of this is gonna be a serious wall
and it's going to be built at the right
course mexico is going to pay for the
wall believe they gonna pay for their
going to pay for it to get the bad ones
out really fast I mean so fast and the
rest gonna have to happen and everyone's
gonna be happy in the end
people are going to be happy to have
jobs were gonna do a great job would be
fair to do it with a very very big heart
it's going to be done humanely remember
that it's going to be done
digest to finish off and wanna just cuz
I wanted to really hard on that a little
bit the immigration because it's so
important in such a big factor and has
become such a big factor in the race i'm
proud of it but we are going to
negotiate great deals I mentioned Carl
Icahn before I'm going to use the
smartest we have the smartest people
have the best people we have the best
minds with the best business minds we
don't use a wheeze political hacks we
used people that put money into a super
PAC and they end up getting jobs because
they gave a couple of bucks to a super
PAC and the super PACs by the way I
don't have super PACs
i turn i said i dont wanna super PACs
are controlling your senators they're
controlling every candidate will only do
what's right for those people that gave
them money
the donors the special-interest those
are the only people believe me they
control the politicians nobody's give me
any money other than the small donors
where frankly if people send in 25 min
$50 I have to take the money because
it's not that it's a lot of money if you
send that money back its so in so how do
you send it back we don't want your
money so I take small donation small and
I say that's fine because that's like an
investment in the country but it's
peanuts but I don't think anybody
putting my own money funding my own
campaign I'm spending a fortune
and and I am spending but so far I have
spent that much so far
listen to this one is just at that some
people I can some people say maybe it
doesn't sound good but I like the
business people like it so far I've
spent less money than anybody else and
I've had the best result of anybody else
right and that beautiful that p.m.
large body of the best result and that's
what I like and that's what it be nice
if we could do that with a country we
spent less money in education we spend
more money than any other country by
double and triple and yet rated number
28 in the world we have nations that you
wouldn't believe ahead of us we have
nations that you wouldn't believe so
we're going to win on trade we're going
to take our jobs back we're gonna bring
jobs into the country we're gonna be
china we're gonna beat Japan was gonna
do great with mexico we gonna do
wonderfully with that horrible I ran
back I love to renegotiate deals ok but
we gotta take that horrible deal the
worst deal I've ever seen negotiated
with an end
Obamacare will determine
we're going to terminal
what time and we're going to replace it
with something that's far better far
less expensive for you and for the
country we're going to replace it with
something that's really good and the
insurance companies will not like me
because right now they are making a
fortune and your rates are you are
getting your premiums doubling and
tripling their doubling and tripling day
going up 45 55 60 percent nobody knows
what's happening the insurance companies
they backed Obama they're making a
fortune I couldn't care less about the
insurance company to jail so we're going
to start winning again we're gonna wind
so much I sometimes joke I say you
didn't win so much you're gonna get sick
of winning but the chances we never get
sick of winning we never get sick of
winning we're gonna wind so not gonna be
so proud of this country you get to be
so proud of your president and I love
you all make America great again thank
you thank you
thank you

we love you we love you
amazing you know one of the reporters
just ask me why don't you do town hall
meetings I said because we have now the
equivalent of you know there's another
room this size where it's fact also so
we have five thousand people had added
we do town halls will be doing about 200
today and we still will be able to catch
up but I want to thank everybody special
people
special place we've had such an
incredible journey since you remember
june sixteenth since june sixteenth the
famous escalator ride and we just got
back from iowa and i want to tell you
they're great people in iowa and I love
them she says you know I'll tell you we
really did you know I started off and it
was very interesting very interesting
little think it's a coffee system which
is a much more difficult system I don't
say better and it's a weird but
certainly more difficult and we started
off and when I announced on June 16
there was seventeen people I had
registered I hadn't been put in polls so
I didn't know what was going to happen
and in Iowa they said don't go to iowa
you don't play in Iowa me and I said why
I know people and I was a great people
they should know it's not gonna work and
you go there's not gonna work so I said
I have to do it I want to go there and I
went there and I think we didn't really
well we did really well
and they said if you get in the top 10
you'd be lucky and actually came out the
first time was like number 10 and then
it went to eight and went to five and we
finished number two and frankly had I
known we could have finished number two
maybe I would have spent more time there
I would have taken a day or two off from
here but that wouldn't have been good
but you know it's a lot of interesting
is a very proud of this I skipped the
debate because I wasn't treated properly
door nor was I was properly and you know
when our country is did read it properly
we have to behave that way also just so
you understand when you not treated like
his supposed to be treated you have to
remember
so what happened what happened is I did
and then I said you can't do that and
they had it we could have broken the
world record we would have broken debate
that we did the first one that 24
million people really I think it was
even more than that
after final cap and I think this thing
would have had probably 26 228 229
million people but you couldn't do it
and I'll tell you I am so happy I didn't
do it because in one hour we raised six
million dollars for the vets six men we
raised sixty million for them and if you
told me I could have finished first if I
did the debate or second plus six
million for the vets I'll take the six
million for the vets day
so we got the biggest vote I just
looking at statistics here we got the
biggest vote ever in the history of a
primary and Iowa
by like sixty thousand people came out
extra I'm not gonna say that was made
but believe me it was me you know two
nights ago i three nights ago one of the
candidates that are running against
highly-respected was here and they had
two hundred and fifty people so we have
five thousand that should be a good sign
that's like our poll that's like an
automatic poll so that I got the vote
that I got was other than the one vote
because we had so many people was the
biggest vote in the history of Iowa
Republican caucus have been the biggest
in the history of Iowa for a republican
cause you know when you think amazing
thing is the press that all of them
somewhere great somewhere saying came in
second day started off in 10 that he
came in second but with me that only his
second I'd like to his second that much
either to be totally but one poll came
out that said I was leading by 45 points
and I guess you know coming second in
the headlines were trumped comes in
second he's humiliated seventeen people
will be cited now you have eleven I come
in second humiliated you know you have
you have to think of it
people ever ever so Marcos a nice guy
Marco Rubio nice guy and he comes in
third right and all of a sudden he comes
in third he's a senator does this stuff
for a living is a professional
politician he comes in third I come in
second drop no good
Rubio unbelievable night unbelievable
unbelievable thank you gotta think of
this and then they said he's very very
close he's very close so he's good maybe
I think it's about a difference of
almost 3,000 votes that's a lot that's a
lot of votes but you know for Iowa that
a lot of us live like 25 26 and some
large amount of
but he came in second the headline is
winner of the night
Marco Rubio drop humiliated didn't do
that well and I'm saying that comes in
third and he's a professional politician
at IBM by you know a lot how come the
guy that comes in third business typical
reporter the media the worst people ever
the person that comes in third on many
of the networks is being covered like
it's one of the great victories in the
history of politics in this country and
the person that's not a professional
politician on the job creator I build
great companies that build great
buildings I do a lot of great things
I've employed can I I don't do this crap
I deployed tens of thousands of people
over the years I'm so proud of the
company has built an unbelievable
company in fact they went to check it
when I did the filing with the FEC
federal elections they were see all
those cameras back their trip alone they
were down though they were gonna find
first they said I'll never run right
then that he said he'll never file
format a format is where you signed your
life away you give them everything the
family the doghouse you give up the
world they should have never file format
then they sell for me
announced that it believed it then they
should one who never file as financials
and if he did he lists for the
extensions because you can get an
extension that goes through ever I don't
want an extension I told one of the big
accounting firms one of the best firms
in the world one of the biggest most
respected I said listen to get these
done I felt almost a hundred pages
bigger than anything ever filed with
federal election by far
you know these politicians they put one
page in the need five extensions ok you
know why they're afraid somebody knows
about the cash they've been taken to
want to be careful ok they want to be
careful I want to be
politicians all talk no action so what
happens I love you too darling so what
happens is I go in ifile and come back
and I don't believe the company's much
bigger much better some of the greatest
assets in the world buildings in
Manhattan Bank of America building big
chunk and San Francisco some of the
greatest at sister Marion Scotland where
they play the British Open so many
different great assets Doral in Miami
Beach hundreds of acres in miami beach
you know darrell so many and they're
looking at this low debt very little
debt almost no debt so this low debt
tremendous cash flow and some of the
greatest assets in the world and the
number is through the roof and I'm not
saying that to be braggadocio some
saying because that's the kind of
thinking we need in this country our
country is going to hell
going to have so the president goes down
and they see it and it was such a dud
they were devastated they thought this
trip is it you know they all said I
wouldn't file and I wouldn't run because
maybe I'm not as rich as people think
that's what the hell was that
and wonder if this can only happen at a
truck rally what you know that could be
a way we get him to turn the cameras
right I let the cameras don't have and
what the press will never ever ever
report is the crowds they don't do it
they reported for birdie they said the
other day recently I had 12,000 people
he had three thousand people they said
birdies centers had an amazing crowd of
3,000 people I had 12,000 when it's my
turn to go on trial
speech today front of a crowd it is so
dishonest and I have friends at the
reporters and they tell me they can't
report the truth they cannot report that
they told what to do and if you happen
to be a nice our side of the equation
for the most part just very dishonest
just very dishonest so what I do like is
when that man holds up that John oh by
the way I should reprimand him because
you know member when I took a lot of
heat remember that somebody said
something that wasn't that nice to our
president and they said Donald Trump did
not defend the president would have hit
defend me think it depends so they said
Donald Trump did not defend the
president had I said ok so they said I
should have defended him and I should
have done something so sir you're
reprimanded ok so we're not throwing him
out folks right when I throw so I put in
these statements and they've been great
and and I tell you because I probably
would have filed them even if I didn't
want you know it takes guts to run for
president really does it takes guts
it takes guts especially you know if
you're a politician you run and you run
and you lose and you win and you run so
they do with us it takes courage but we
needed one of us we have to do it we
have to do it this so many things that
are wrong so I wanted to just tell you
and I feel so good and by the way while
I have to have all those cameras gonna
have to take care of a couple of things
for the veterans Carl Icahn great
businessman he'll put him in charge of
negotiating with China will stop their
five hundred billion dollar trade
deficit I can tell you right now I can
tell you right now but I have to say
that good guy tough guy smart guy that's
the kind of people we want is worth
billions of dollars doesn't want
anything he'd love to represent we put
him in charge of let's say China let's
say Japan let's say one or two countries
probably one cause we have some great
people we have the greatest negotiators
in the world we have the smartest
business people in the world we don't
use them we used political hacks were
used people that don't have a clue we
used people that got the job because
they give campaign contributions to
these guys they get their job and they
don't give a damn about the country they
care about themselves and the subtle way
it's going to work okay carl icahn great
business man cave 500,000 to the vets
now this was when I was supposed to be
up debating
big deal this was what I was supposed to
be up to bed we have steve roth friend
gave fifty thousand we have the Fisher
family gave 75,000 Bridget left 400,000
donald Trump Donald Trump gave one
million dollars we have a rich guy from
New York City a friend of mine I can't
believe it
this guy was the worst braggart I've
ever seen if he gave money he wanted his
name up in lights and all of a suddenly
became like please please don't tell my
name please i'm saying why does loaded
by the way why he said because they've
changed see people can change people can
change I said you really don't want to
know about like so I said look if you
know what my name it I won't so I just
called rich guy from new york city one
million dollars for the events of one of
the great business been in this country
Mr Phil Ruffin and his incredible wife
gave from Las Vegas and lots of other
places got plenty of places he gave one
million dollars to the vet says that
great I wrote a letter from Marvel you
know they do the great movies I think
he's got like five of the greatest
grossing movies of all time he's a great
geniuses wife is incredible lowering
$1,000,000 to the vets ok not great down
and there are many more
there are many more so I just want to
tell you that that was such an amazing
it was just such an amazing thing and I
call these people say could you give a
half a million one of them said to me I
should could you give these are really
successful people I say could you give a
half-million he goes no I won't give a
million I said ok I'll take a right on
behalf of the vets outside
so we have a lot of good things
happening so the whole experience and I
was great the only prob is depressed
didn't treat me right instead of saying
you did really well you didn't do too
much over the IBM focus here that have
been focused here and South Carolina by
the way very much but they said instead
of saying unbelievable job they said it
was disappointing third-place was
fantastic but it was a little too so was
one of those so I I had a good time I
learned a lot of made a lot of good
friends at night when they're really
they are great people
one other thing I have to say because
we're all lot of us are business people
we want to make our country great again
such a great thing is that is that the
greatest of all themes that's what it is
somebody said what are you going to do
for the country and I said to myself you
not have a lot of time here there's a
radio person and we by the way do it
howie carr his erroneous someplace where
is how a where is Howie Howie where the
hell are you
is he a great guy we love how a car
right we love how he can win love Tom
Brady we love Tom Brady right now we
love coach bella Jack don't worry I'm
telling you is the greatest guy ever
lose but tom is a great friend of mine
he's a great guy said the nicest things
about me you know in massachusetts my
poll numbers went up like 25 points they
went up to 48 or 50 one-hour sup because
Tom Brady said Trump is great that's
good you know you don't often get too
many people that say something nice well
as a positive impact but tom is in that
category so where is howie carr the
legendary house because he's here he's
got that radio going he has been so nice
to me thank you how a guys so here's the
final on that whole thing in terms of
money spent to provoke right right in
stats stats money spent for a vote I was
almost the last and i was just something
nice about that you know there's
something nice about that you know as an
example of the campaign not gonna spend
a lot of money it's all my own self
funding can you believe this and I'll
tell you something folks let me just
tell you cuz I said it before I told it
to the president make it a big story
probably they would make everything and
then they change it but that's ok I told
the precious we had a press conference I
said I'll be honest with you I don't
think that I have gotten the proper
credit for the fact that I'm so funny I
don't really I have turned down if I
wanted you know bush has a hundred and
twenty eight million dollars ago I mean
we have been better off just taken the
money throwing it out a window or
something but if you look at if you look
at Ted Cruz he's got tremendous money
from the oil companies gonna take care
of the oil companies to take care of
Wall Street even though it did reporters
he's gonna take care of if you look at
some of these people although they all
have money so and restore from wall
street is from oil it's from different
things now those people are a hundred
percent going to like a little puppet
gonna take care of those interest with
me I have no but i just want to do the
right thing
why I said something at the press
conference that I don't think they knew
what the hell I was talking about some
respond but some of these guys are dumb
as a rock and I you know you know when
this man lifted up the sign I like that
for one reason because they had to move
the cameras around the show the crowd ok
that's the only way they see the crowds
as well we have if we have protesters
died 11 fact sometimes I actually think
about doing it I'm gonna set my
protesters up in corners of rooms
because those cameras never moved from
my face because they don't want to show
how many people I have they don't wanna
showed some movement we have a movement
going folks we have hope I have to be
honest and I want to thank him before I
just before it's too late but Scott
Brown for him to come up and call and
say I love what you doing I love will
you going he loves this area and he
loves you people for him to endorse me
is a very important thing so wherever
the house got it right it's a very very
important and I've had other great
import just great ones do you know jerry
falwell junior
fantastic Liberty University the job is
done Sarah Palin gave us a tremendous
endorsement romantic and you know gave
me great endorsement that you people are
really going to like his everybody likes
this
Sheriff Joe from Arizona sheriff Joe you
know when Sheriff Joe gives you an
endorsement you know you're the king of
the border right you know all these
other guys that I'm competing against
their own and women they're all coming
up there are coming up in this thing
when I originally announced I talked
about illegal immigration
if I didn't bring it up and did I take
key if I didn't bring it up it wouldn't
even be a subject right now and then all
of a sudden and I was gone I said this
campy like this you can't go on like
this for months and months no human
being can take this amount of incoming
no human being
and they were just going after me and
they said it's terrible and then after
about two three weeks people such as
opposed now they're coming then all of a
sudden four weeks five weeks go by then
you see the kind of tremendous crime
that's been committed by the people that
come into our country illegally
tremendous crime then you have the
killing of Kate beautiful Kate and
centrist iska then you had the killing
of Jameel the woman you have the killing
of the woman a 65 year old veteran who
was raped sodomized and killed by an
illegal immigrant and that's three
people that's you have to see what's
going on you have to see what's going
how bad it is not only that the economy
and I want people to come into the
country but I want them to come in they
have to come in legally right legally
they have to come in legal so we have
all of these endorsements their
incredible endorsements but I do have to
say one of the gentlemen that compete
against my wife is watching television
the other day and she's listening to
this guy boring falling asleep keep
falling asleep
it's like a sleeper and he said I won't
use the name because I don't want to
embarrass anybody he said he said and we
will build a wall she said darling
premier listen you just said you know
who the hell ever heard of building a
wall except for me so now that they
don't give us credit when I said in Iraq
when I said take the oil right foot four
years I've been saying take the oil then
after those horrible Paris attacks all
of a sudden they said we will take the
oil the problem is that for years late
and what I said take the oil I meant
take it they mean blow it up i mean take
it take it and give some of the profits
to our wounded warriors give some of the
profits to the vet and the families that
have lost people in Iraq
have been saying that I've been saying
that for years
take the oil and you know it and they
just did it but they're not doing it
right you know they don't want to bomb
the oil because it would be
environmentally it would be a pollution
event it would be an event of pollution
as they say it will add to the carbon
footprint do you believe is the way we
fight our was Scott you think general
douglas macarthur used to have the
carbon footprint in mind when he bombed
the hell out of right
General Patton did he think the carbon
footprint general pack you have a
mention the carbon footprint smack in
the face and say what do you know I i
mean I actually heard this I'm not sure
I believe it but I think I believe it
they said one of the reasons we're not
bombing the oil is because they don't
want that pollution going up into the
atmosphere I made it the whole thing is
ridiculous
don't forget we have a president that
thinks that global warming is many
things this global warming that wasn't
working so well there's right climate
change this extreme weather the new on
his extreme weather because you how can
you miss with extreme weather even if
it's nice you say it's extreme because
it shouldn't be this site you know that
global warming is really bad it was just
not work then they went climate change
and that was better but extreme weather
is like perfect and we have a president
that talks about the biggest enemy of
the united states right the biggest
number one enemy is
is he calls it level is global warming
climate change
no one of those things he doesn't know
eenie meenie miney mo whatever whatever
the way now and let let me just tell you
so climate change and the carbon
footprint so he says for Christmas or
whatever he wants to go christmas by the
late Merry Christmas don't you want to
say Merry Merry Christmas we're gonna
bring Christmas back we're gonna bring
it back
Merry Christmas Happy Holidays we're
gonna bring it back you see these
departments you can't say Merry
Christmas anymore don't shop there
you'll say Merry Christmas again very
quickly but but for Christmas but for
Christmas celebrates he gets into a
Boeing a very very old it's cold air
force one a very very old Boeing 747
with the old engines feeling knowing
carbon and every other thing I don't
think it happens during the year
personally but that's ok so these old
engines are spewing into the atmosphere
I think about the carbon footprint but
he's only going to Hawaii so he's gone
from Washington to know why he's gonna
play golf like so many times he plays
golf that people on the PGA Tour you
know that they admire him they say if
they could play that much they'd be even
better players so he's taken the Boeing
747 flying to Hawaii you know how long
that is all the engine seized of the big
old engines spewing fumes he's over
there for two or three weeks playing
golf he then gets back
hops in the plane flies back to watch it
when he comes back and he talks about
global warming up somehow I think that I
Russia radical islamic Paris right from
north korea I think that that's a bigger
threat to global warming right now
ok global warming we should be fairing
folks is global warming caused by
nuclear weapons and it will not smart
that's what's gonna happen we better get
really top really smart really vigilant
have a problem we better stop playing
games believe me we better stop playing
games
so we become the policemen to the entire
world they pass peanuts we take care of
Japan lot of people don't even know his
deals we make if we are attacked
somebody at access would you rather have
trumpets president of were attacked will
beat the shit out of them anybody
attacks you know I speak in a potential
cause he hates Obama so much food he
said Donald Trump is a genius and he's
the real leader over in that country and
these people that I'm negotiating with
all the time these people in the states
with me they said you should disavow
what Putin of Russia said i said im not
disavowing that he called me a genius
are you crazy
don't worry I can't be seduced but
wouldn't it be nice if you think about
it would be nice if we actually got
along with Russia and others and we can
use them to knock out ice is with us so
that maybe we don't always have to pay
for it knocked the hell out of but let
them drop some of their bombs that cost
a million dollars apiece let them use
some of their weapons that caused
billions and billions of dollars let
them beat the shit out of Isis also
right right
raised by the way I have to say thank
you I love looking out out my number one
that a bet is out taking good care of
you if he doesn't take care of you I
will say out you're fired a great guys
become my friend and i'm taking care of
them I told you before going to build a
military so great so strong
nobody's gonna mess with us nobody's
going to mess with don't forget jeb bush
and Hillary Clinton both the same day
this if i dont like Donald Trump stone
now that day three heads were chopped
off in the middle east you worried about
my tone but don't forget this is
important I'm the one that didn't want
to go and read Iraq and beat the hell
out of records are you going to
destabilize the entire Middle East and
that was Reuters in 2004 and before that
Reuters 2004 I said don't do it you're
going to destabilize that's exactly what
happened we have destroyed what happened
is the Middle East is totally
destabilized array which made one of the
great deals ever with a hundred and
fifty billion dollars they're gonna make
nuclear weapons taken to self inspect
how about that
itself inspect listen we here is our
president we hear you're making nuclear
weapons would you please check the area
and call me back tomorrow
President Obama I give you my word I
give you my word we have just self
inspected we are not going to ever ever
make nuclear weapons in those areas and
then the guys going right and then they
have the other not only self inspection
but then they have the other twenty four
day period so we think that making
nuclear weapons we have to inform them
that clock starts ticking maybe in a
month or two months or five months
before the 24 days kitchen right so this
could go on forever in the meantime they
clean up the shadow 24 days wouldn't be
enough to clean up anything 24 days
right and and and the floor battleship
grey so when we walk in we sell nothing
is happening here so to get 24 days this
is the dumbest agreement I think I've
ever seen done by your man he's up from
this area
carey is he the worst negotiating I hear
he wants to run for president if Hillary
gets put in prison that's what I hear
you know what he can't run for president
that deal is so bad why would I love to
run just that one day I don't have to
talk about how else he's messed up that
hill is so bad what we love to run
against Kerry just with the deal all we
have to do we paid a hundred and fifty
billion dollars for 450 billion now the
most amazing thing you wouldn't have
started anybody in this audience no not
anybody but 95% you would have walked in
you would have said we want to preserve
his back this is like four years ago
this thing is the longest-running deal
ever see you would have said I wanna
prisoners they would have said no no no
you would have left you would have
doubled up the sanctions they would have
called you back almost immediately and
they would it take you prisoners right
we have a presence then you make sure
the prisoners have landed the prisoners
now have landed this is the art of the
deal but the prisoners have landed now
you go in a second time and you say
fellows here I like to take the lumps of
my father was used to sign you too tough
fight a Kindle upset as a ok pop
nice so instead of saying we're not
giving you a hundred and fifty billion
dollars that would do stuff you know to
challenge II you said this way a problem
we own nineteen billion dollars our
stupid people in washington just
approved a budget three weeks ago how
about that budget they're getting
everything you know Obama is a horrible
negotiator except when it comes to
negotiating with the republicans he's a
genius at negotiating with the
republicans he's horrible with the ran
with russia along with China Japan but
with the republicans he gets everything
it wants we send these people there you
know I don't mind the democrats because
we know where they're coming from but we
said the republicans to get rid of
Obamacare they got to get rid of a
hundred different things they got to cut
the budget thinking about the budget
they going to do all these things right
they go there what happens what happens
you know I tell the story they walk into
the beautiful halls of Congress they
work and they see the Capitol building
and they look up in this is a beautiful
ceiling and they see the columns ago so
hi beautiful marble and they say a leash
or Jim Callis let's use our search for
the Dallas we've arrived we've made it
now if made it and then they say they go
interest rates do you approve an
extension of above right Obamacare do
you approve an extension of Obamacare
yes sir yes sir it's disgusting it's
disgusting and by the way I have been
opposed to Obamacare from the day they
conceived it and Ted Cruz comes out with
an ad that I'm in favor of Obamacare can
you believe this just like he did with
Carson Carson he said
left iowa he's out of the Rays vote for
him did you hear about this one piece he
said he left Iowa cousins that nice guy
been so bad
is all of a sudden getting calls that he
quit the race these guys said he quit
the race is gun is out
votes to him what kind of people we did
it with additions and made up liar
honestly and made up stories made up
source everybody in here many of you
know me from day 1 I've been talking
about going to repeal and replace
Obamacare from day one
now we're going to do if you remember so
apart from day 1 I've been saying repeal
and replace Obamacare I've been talking
about the five billion dollar website
that never worked for years right
all of a sudden I see an ad or something
donald Trump is in favor of Obamacare
people calling you are against it that's
too bad these are dishonest people these
politicians these are worse than real
estate people in New York I'm telling
you now know these are truly desirous
people that he said ben Carson has quit
the race the day of the election ben
Carson during a caucus then Carson has
quit the race and didn't get to race in
other words ben Carson quit and let me
have your kind of crap is just and then
he makes up the thing that says like its
on a government document voter violation
it says on top just like it comes right
out of government municipal motor
violation and it talks about it gives
grades EF EF EF EF EF intruder but it
says you can go vote but you gotta go
vote for him and people are afraid that
I'm in violation I have to go and what
kind of people of these people and then
the attorney general in iowa is
investigated but by that time they're
all gone the election's over what kind
of people do we have running for office
now it's honestly really really just
honest and I think I know why you know
why because he was born in Canada was
happened to be a problem that happens to
you watch the democrats they've already
said they could assume he gets the
nomination they're gonna sue his ass off
actually going to sue the country but
they're going to sue him and that's a
pick-me-up I wanted to mention one other
thing because in Iowa well we're talking
about so price of her head
pro-vote leading the pack ladies and
gentlemen with the bush
how did you know nobody's got 1% or 2%
leading the pack demand that spent the
most money per vote the legendary jet
push with a number of this is per vote
no but you know so far
2800 and $84 per vote you know you
could've won the election just promised
everybody a thousand bucks and you could
have wanted you want to save money right
you were the one you want to save a lot
of money so jet my spent almost three
thousand dollars a vote that's gotta be
a record right is that in the Guinness
Book would you check to get his book you
have others with tremendous numbers of
Marco spent a lot almost $300 of but at
least you had a pretty good result he
came in third
no no he had a fantastic result
unbelievable unbelievable came in third
the guy that came in second of terrible
terrible night dishonest people
this is look at his numbers so hundreds
and hundreds of dollars into jet pay
close to $3,000 or so who is one of the
lowest up just about the lowest lowest
the great donald Trump Louis by the way
I'm very proud of the fact that I have
spent less money than just about anybody
else on the campaign and I'm going to
start spending a lot for two reasons
right number one I don't want to take
any chances
number two I feel guilty because when
jeff is now spent two hundred and
nineteen million are some ridiculous
number and much of it is sort of earmark
to me
ends they can't be very good because
every time he takes an at my numbers go
up it's a crazy deal but but I sped
nationally I'm leading every poll in the
state I mean honestly other than I which
was the weakest when I had but in the
state of leading the state's leading
here tremendously but every single
national poll I'm waiting and just about
I think every state poll of leading so I
spent the least and I have the best
reason right
now have spared like Jeb like a couple
of others they've spent the most and
have the worst result can you put them
in charge of this we have a school
system we are getting rid of Common Core
by the way and we are preserving
education in the United States is the
most expensive per pupil in the entire
world right
the most expensive in the entire world
and there is no second place because
it's so much lower its ridiculous Norway
Denmark Sweden China visa like the top
four or five places for education when
number thirty I used to say 28 right we
just went up two notches when our number
thirty in the world we spend the most
reputable by far and we have the worst
education by fog so we're now number
thirty and we spend the most wouldn't it
be nice if they did like Trump where I
spend the least and I have the best
results when the pickup now so that's
what I mean our budget they said we are
working on the budget and we think
within 25 years we can balance the
budget twenty-five years twenty-five
years these are serious people they said
25 years the balance of a i'm talking
about doing it relatively quickly and I
mean we're gonna have a better country
we're gonna better service we're going
to get rid of the waste fraud abuse all
of the fall of the waste a disgusting
waste and the fraud you look at the
Veterans Administration take a look at
what's happening in Phoenix Arizona it's
one of the great fraudulent scams you've
ever seen the veterans administration
within a take such great care of them
it what's going on is unbelievable and
we're gonna make our country so strong
and so solid I said the other day we
gonna make a country rich again in a
woman said mr. Trump that doesn't sound
I said those were rich where debtor
nation that horrible budget I told you
about a little while ago that's worth
two trillion dollars that takes care of
our border letting everyone in that
Obama wants to come in that takes care
of the Syrian refugees who would never
get a lot of folks I have a big heart
but when never letting them and we don't
know who they are we don't know where
they come from
it's not going to happen it's not gonna
happen and anybody and everybody that
comes in I want everybody to know we
have to send them back we cannot take
chances we can't afford it we can't
afford to make mistakes like that you
know we have the two people that were
radicalized probably she radicalized him
the married couple great who in
California killed 14 people with money
very badly injured right we didn't know
this we didn't know anything about it we
had Paris where they have the toughest
gun laws in the world the toughest
because within a preserve our 2nd
Amendment we're not touching that second
remember unless we're gonna make it
strong unless you will make it too
strong so Paris has the toughest gun
laws in the world right that toughest in
the world you can't have a gun unless
you're a bad guy no problem so these
disgusting thugs working to various
places and start shooting people bomb
bomb bomb move over a hundred and thirty
people dead many people so gravely
injured that they will be done they're
gonna be dying dying now and other
people get a little light but they're
going to live a life in hell because
they're so horribly injured now if we
had a few people in this room I can look
at that guy right this mean we had a few
of the people you you you let me pick a
woman
you and if somebody had a gun on their
belt or somebody had a gun wrapped
around their ankle and those bullets
started coming out you know you see they
were going to and you shoot a lot of
them folks that's the only form its are
its former protection
you wouldn't have the carnage that you
had there how about the military base
five great young soldiers a gun-free
zone one of the soldiers is a world
class marks one of the best in the world
they're all top of the line soldiers
they're told to take their guns put on
two hundred yards away
seal a whack job walks in these five
great beautiful soldiers smart
tremendous future this wack job walks in
and blow them away
kills all five of them that was it
because you know when these crazy people
see gun free zone that's like saying
candy to a baby right that's candy too
baby so we're gonna protect our second
amendment to protect ourselves we are
not touching our 2nd Amendment and it's
under siege they're playing now with
bullets they're playing now with
magazines they're playing with a lot we
are going to protect our 2nd Amendment
remember that
so when I started and when this all
began on june sixteenth coming down the
escalator it was all about Border
Protection and speaking of Border
Protection and called her she has been
such a great help to me where is where
is and where the hell are you stand up
in court she is Daniel she is so great
right
a Dios amigo is that right best-seller
right ok she is so great she's been so
supportive of us she wants border
security she wants people to come into
the country legally she wants people to
come and after coming through a process
but there's nobody stronger and the
subject is that right and I love the
book I read the book go out and buy the
book everybody hi great person she's a
great she's a great person so when I
started this whole deal come down and I
talked about that I talked about
Obamacare repeal again I talked about
the military I talked about the vets I
talked about social security because
we're gonna save us social security and
I talked about trade I talked about
trade like nobody else to talk about it
when Carl Icahn endorses me and many of
the best business be men in the world
and women they want to ask me I said
don't bother nobody knows who that you
are true you know not like the Great
Scott Brown nobody knows who they are
but they're the best business people in
the world so when they endorse me and we
use them good I talked about trade China
is making a fortunate we can't do it in
Vietnam Japan Mexico both at the border
and with trade you have to see what's
the biz go moving the big plant from
chicago into Mexico for building one of
the biggest auto plants in the world two
and a half billion dollar at a plant in
mexico what the hell are we doing what
are we doing we're bringing back jobs
now we have a case
corporate version where companies used
to move like from here to Florida or
from here
here to taxes or from Texas to hear now
we have a problem now we have companies
that want to move to Florida to Texas
they don't want to move to new hampshire
point have you taken a beating by the
way you talk about companies leaving you
like a prime example what they've done
to you is incredible but we're gonna
bring up that we're going to make it so
they come back so now we have corporate
inversion where companies like Pfizer
Pfizer to rate companies are moving
outside of the United States because
taxes are too high by the way my bill
and larry cudlow and so many others I
think it's great i put in tax policy
big big cuts for the middle class the
middle class in this country has been
decimated big big cuts for business we
are the highest tax nation in the world
big big cuts right now and it's gonna
pass it's going to go through and get
things done that's what I do I get
things done I do with politicians all my
life will get it passed will get it
passed so I used to talk about that and
then when we had that horrible event in
Paris and we had a horrible event as you
know in california and we had many other
horrible of it I brought up the fact
that we have to now start talking
seriously about radical Islamic
terrorism we gotta talk about it and I
said it I don't just like happened with
the illegal immigration I said it was
heat two weeks later was coming over and
now they're all trying to be tougher
than me nobody could be done but there
are trying to be tougher than me so now
I talked about the whole situation there
is such hatred of their people are
flying airplanes into the World Trade
Center what people are doing all of
these acts not just here all over the
world and I have friends in Muslim they
call me they say you have done a great
service there is tremendous hatred you
cannot solve a problem like that unless
you start talking about we have a
president that will not even discuss it
or talk
about it will use the words he won't say
radical Islamic terrorism it's real it's
a problem and you can't solve the
problem unless you going to be able to
talk about so we've had tremendous
I took a lot of heat and now everybody
is saying thank you so much and it's
under discussion it's a big big problem
and you know what we're gonna get itself
one way the other was gonna get itself
but we can no longer be this stupid
country we can no longer be the country
that's led by incompetent people we can
no longer be the country that takes
Bergdahl a traitor traitor and take him
and take him and swap him for five of
the biggest killers that they have in
the Middle East that they've covered it
and wanted for a period of at least nine
years so make of it
weekend and they get these five killers
that are already back in the battlefield
trying to kill everything in front of
them including us we're not making deals
like that anymore folks when I make it
is like
just to finish off you have to see the
cover of Time magazine last week
amazing amazing cover amazing writer I
never spoke to you know I do better when
I don't speak to the writers when I
speak to him they kill me this was a tie
all given that magazine throated up here
coming week about our majority it's
really not the right its majority people
are angry they're upset they're there
they can't even believe that this stuff
is happening they can't believe it we
are going to make our country's so
strong we're gonna make it so just and
we can have a big heart who gonna take
care of people we gotta take care of
people there are people that can't take
care of themselves
gonna help people but we're gonna make
our country so good with you start
winning we're gonna win with health care
we're gonna win with our military we're
gonna win with our veterans we're going
to win with every single thing we touch
we got a win against china and trade
we're gonna win against Mexico at the
border and with Trey will get a win
against Japan where they send as
millions of cars and we can send
anything of value back to them we got
his start winning again we're gonna win
so much and we are going to make our
country we are going to make this great
great country even greater we're going
to make America great again I love you I
love you

unbelievable unbelievable and thank you
very much mr. record now understand why
they have a record in this room what a
room
wat up place rada place Iowa do we love
it you know we had a big day today
because a lot of polls came out and the
polls were really nothing short of
tremendous we had and it just came in
New Hampshire which is an amazing place
with like you incredible people they
love the country and they want to see
our country be great again that's what
they want they work hard they loved it
and we had 35 percent and the second
place was so far back we won't even talk
about it because I want to be nice
tonight I wanna be nice
in south carolina we had 30% and that
was a tremendous full tremendous energy
tremendous money spent thirty percent
second place again we're gonna be so
nice we be nice or not
little bit so we had thirty percent
that's the Monmouth all-big 12 gravis
national poll just came out
40.1% that's national 40.1% won the
election tomorrow
Coulter's here and can we call for an
immediate election please ok like in so
many other countries I want an immediate
election and alright go out by her book
by the way it's actually a very good
book and so is it true now very
importantly 44 Iowa anybody ever heard
of the corn kernel everybody heard that
corn kernel poll we were at 36% won very
easily and so we had four of them in
that came from the State Fair and I'll
tell you what last week I came to the
State Fair came well equipped in a
helicopter and we took the kids for i's
and O's kids love me those kids and I
love those kids but we had an amazing
time that my pilot said is that enough
mr. Trump after going up and down like a
yo-yo I said nope you gotta keep doing
it so we had we had an amazing time but
you know having gotten that voters I
know it means a lot to the people here
and having gotten that vote is
incredible so here's what's happening a
little bit of a different situation I
think maybe then has happened before a
great journalist called me somebody that
I don't know but somebody that have
great respect for one of the major
newspapers and he said could I ask you
one question how does it feel I should
has what she'll he said this was the
summer of Trump do you believe this how
good is that for my ego is that what
they said
he said i mean and he's really one of
the day the presses who's who is and who
is it but one of the really top people
not even necessarily a fan of mine but I
think he's becoming a fan rapidly he
said how does it feel so I said why do
you ask that question because it doesn't
feel that mean I get a win you know it's
one thing to have the summer of Trump
doesn't mean anything unless we win the
nomination and we gotta beat Hillary or
whoever's running whoever is running
this otherwise it doesn't it doesn't
mean I don't know if you lose like what
does it all matter and he said it
doesn't matter if you win or not what
you've done has never been done you know
nobody's seen what's happened here
nobody's really seen this with the polls
and the enthusiasm in the press and the
ratings and you know why those cameras
are all red lighted because of ratings
if I didn't get ratings wouldn't be here
they wouldn't be here then not nice
people
they don't care about me they don't care
about you they don't care about anything
the only thing they care about his
ratings you know what I did the
apprentice which was a tremendous
success I was hosting Saturday Night
Live and Lorne Michaels came up to me
and it was bedlam it was bedlam the show
is number one it was doing like crazy
and Here I am hosting Saturday Night
Live my mother and father would never
believe this and learn my clothes comes
up to me said this is great he said you
know we learn it won't always be like
this
someday the ratings won't be good and
NBC will call me and they'll say I'm
sorry mr. Trump but the ratings are no
good we're gonna cancel the show and he
looked at me and he said I'll never
forget it he said no there's one thing
wrong they won't even bother to call
true they won't even bother to call and
you know the apprentice was a tremendous
hit NBC renewed his I may be like the
only one or one of certainly like you
can count on one hand that turned down a
major reno effect Mark Burnett said you
got to be kidding you gotta be kidding
you turning down a major renewal equaled
a renewal he said you turning down a
renewal nobody turns it down and I
turned out our new from many many shows
and see the kind of money they paid me
remember you had that certain anchor
that said he doesn't believe it by then
he had to apologize a lot of money that
you earn a lot of money because I told
the heads of NBC the head of comcast is
an amazing guy great guy just call him
steve but I want to tell you he's a
great guy to head of NBC the head of
reality television they came to my
office like five months ago they sat in
my chair she said Donald we want we want
you we love you don't love me so much
any more apt to be on
and I said to him sellers I really want
to run for president
I wanna make America great again through
simple I want to do it and and they
didn't believe me they didn't believe me
and i said im gonna do it and they had
the up-front fee upfront is when they
announce all the show and they said were
announcing renewing The Apprentice with
Donald Trump I still can't believe it I
told them nobody believed me and my wife
actually said to me she said you know
nobody believes you're running as I
looked at it serious mostly less time
but I looked at it but very own
seriously over this but last time I
looked at it pretty seriously and I said
what do you mean if you ever actually
announced you gonna go through those
people like me to actually I'm a nice
person
nobody knows that drew people don't I
tell people I'm a nice person it in some
ways it's not good cause now we're gonna
talk about china and negotiation and I
want to be in this person for that but I
love people I love helping people and my
wife said to me
millennia she said if you run but you
have to announce because if they take
polls nobody's gonna say you're running
right and and knows that and I said well
I don't know and I'll tell you what it
takes courage to run it really does your
really exposing yourself like Greece
honestly a lot of the presses especially
the political pressure to the financial
press has been pretty good to me over
the years in business week magazine they
named me a while ago the best into
people's fall the best negotiator
wouldn't it be nice to have a good
negotiator wanna brag about it just let
it be nice I mean look at what's
happening with China I've been
predicting China I've been saying
China's taking our jobs our money are
based on manufacturing I just told the
press and we owe them think of it
they've taken on money on our jobs and
manufacturing of it if taken everything
is one of the greatest chefs in the
history of the world what they've taken
out of our country they've rebuilt China
and we owe them think of it we owe them
they take everything one point four
trillion dollars how do you do that
that's like a magic how good are they
use negotiated they take everything we
owe them money we owe Japan one point
four trillion same number we are both
1.4 trip for whatever reason same number
the balance the deficits the numbers are
crazy if you look at the deficit we have
with japan the deficit we have with
china to deficit we have with almost
everybody honestly their abusers their
big abuses and by the way I love them
they buy my apartments it's true I on a
big chunk the biggest chunk I own as you
may be no the Bank of America Merrill
lot of people didn't know actually most
people didn't I on the Bank of America
building in San Francisco big big big
chunk and it's a great building from the
Chinese green
they still don't know what happened
but that's what we need right eye on
twelve-ninety big big jump 1290 Avenue
of the Americas many building in Europe
but I do great with the chinese and
they're great people
the problem is the leaders are too smart
for a leaders so it's very simple I'm a
free-trader I believe in free trade
right I like three I like free trade but
three trades only good if you have smart
representatives it's not good if we have
dummies it's not good of our leaders are
incompetent it's not good when they've
never read the art of the deal one of
the great books of all time
second to the Bible but that's way way
way deep second you know how far below
it is somebody held up the book the
other day said that's my favorite book
of all time I said no no don't let me
change my second favorite book this is
what's your favorite at the Bible it's
not even close
people were shocked they were actually
said that but it is the greatest book of
all time the Bible nothing even close so
we have a situation where people that
run for political office and I had to
stay years they do really like chance
and it is something that's not very
pleasant and you read things about
yourself that don't exist very little
good a lot of bad things that aren't
true and I have to tell you with that
I've met some unbelievable really
talented political reporters but I've
also met some very bad ones in very
dishonest and we have to do something
about our country we have to take it
back you know I've been using a term
that hasn't been used in a long time
called the silent majority in the senate
Majority I'm this island and they're
tired of politicians are there any
politicians in the room is where
excluding your fabulous ok but
politicians are all talk and no action
a trip that tired you know I've been
watching bush on the border he's in a
seersucker suit is talking about yes no
yes the anchor baby I shouldn't say
thank you baby you know he puts out a
report saying do not use the term anchor
baby then I used it might pose go
through the roof and now he's using a
good baby and he's taking criticism and
you know the funniest thing is that he's
taken tremendous criticism for using the
term anchor baby and I use it all the
time and nobody cares rice acres this
would be expected from you know right
crazy place but politicians are all talk
and no I saw that little bit of the
debate and I love doing the debate I was
treated very unfairly at that debate to
be honest with you because I want every
poll time magazine we won the polls I so
happy but but I was treated and then i
watch the politicians and the
politicians talk now I have heard that
Jeb Bush was the mentor to Marco Rubio
nice dude nice people I think jeff is a
nice person he's very low energy I'm not
used to that kind of a person
negotiating with Japan negotiating with
China when these people walk in the room
they don't say hello how's the weather
so beautiful outside isn't it lovely how
the Yankees doing doing wonderful great
they say we want deal he jumped out of
the sea but I watched by the way before
I say this who would you rather have
negotiating against china against Iran
what a deal that is ok you talk about
incompetent people against anybody Jeb
Bush Hillary Clinton or drum I think so
you believe me
graded on a speech that I made recently
they gave me always they gave me these
great great day said the one mistake he
makes is that he speaks through the
applause it's true you know what caused
them have time they gave me his
trademark they said his speaking to let
the way I move my hands I never thought
of it they said they love this that but
but they said but he speaks rulers
employers and it's bad for him because
he kills a lot of applause and I thought
about it I said you know that I tried
not doing that but I don't like I want
to get going you know I want to get
things done
everybody here know that
but I don't care I don't care if he's
nice because I want somebody that's
gonna make great deals and make us rich
again and he can't do it
Marco Rubio was not supposed to run
right because he wouldn't run because
his mentor in florida the state of
Florida which by the way I beat both of
them in the post can you believe it is
sitting senator governor and rub his way
the hell up here it's crazy but but
Marco Rubio was all of a sudden he
announced he's running and people
thought it was very disrespectful to a
person that brought him along slowly
brought him along right so beautiful so
what happened and it was interesting I
said oh now those me if I want bush and
I brought somebody along and I am older
than Marco and all of a sudden to guide
the young guys that I brought along said
I'm running against you and it's not my
turn but I don't care cause I'm really
anxious I'm really driven by myself and
I'm running against american I would
really go after that I'd say he's the
most is little guy he's a terrible
person is horrible and I hate him
ok
said to myself not to the rest of the
world but I believe me I wouldn't be so
I saw them on a stage recently and chips
hello Marco said dear friend of mine
he's a dear dear friend he's such a
wonderful person and Marcus I love jeb
you notice yet never uses his last name
why because he's ashamed of it why but
if I were Barca but in particular if I
was Jap I wouldn't say Marcos a good
friend of mine Marco did something that
he wasn't supposed to do he never said
this before and i watch these two guys
and hugging and kissing and holding each
other very much like actually chris
Christie did with the president
hugging and kissing and they're still
proclaiming that great deep love for
each other and I'm saying politicians
oil it's all bull we gotta stop we need
people that are gonna take us to the
promised land
we need people that are going to be
great so again we look at Becks thank
you you look at mexico which is the new
China by the way they're doing great and
what's come out you know a lot of
incoming as Rush Limbaugh said he said
Trump has taken more incoming when I
first announced did was tell the truth
but you look at mexico the new China you
look at fort building a massive planted
you look at other companies from europe
from all over a plant was going to be
built in tennessee big big billion
dollar outta my plan will plant a
sapling built in tennessee and I'm gonna
go to Mexico nabisco holdings in Chicago
have a great building nabisco have a
factory sector that make Orioles I'm
never eating Oreos again ever ever maybe
maybe if I could find some made in the
United States but then closing their big
plant in Chicago and they're moving it
to Mexico what's going to be so where
and why are we doing this why are we
allowing it to happen so what I would do
if I were president I talk to these
people
somebody has to talk to and if you don't
talk to me it's never gonna change never
gonna happen and you can get them to
stay in Chicago you can get them to
build someplace else in the country you
can get for it
believe me to stay in this country now
sometimes it's so unfair
the trade agreements if you look at the
amount of business that's been moved out
about whether to Mexico or many other
countries been moved out it's absolutely
uncontrollable by the people that we
have courage and we can do stooping to
change now let me just tell you I tell
this all the time I go to us I don't
want you I don't want to you know I have
carl icahn ready killer killer I have
other people already have people that is
so nasty so mean so horrible nobody in
Iowa will want to have dinner with them
too horrible human beings I admit their
wall street killers couple of nice like
about two percent but they're the
greatest negotiators in 2010 the best I
know the best I know guys are over rated
I don't guys that are really good I
don't people that you've never heard of
that a better than all of them will get
his job back but I would say let's say
the head of ford and you've heard me say
this to me that's a big abuse two and a
half billion per plant get a big that
plan how many plants do we close to
build a new plant in Mexico two and a
half billion dollars
yeah right so how many pounds do we do
so I would say very simply fellows sorry
gotta move back now when they build
those cars trucks and parts they send
them over
no tax no nothing and they've come up
with a new scheme illegals are gonna
drive the cars over because no true it's
true because it just works so nobody's
gonna check up just drives beautiful
probably keep them and just live happily
for the rest of their lives in the
United States you know but we have to do
something about it now let's say Jeb
Bush as president he's a stupid person I
don't think I don't know what do I but
let's say he's president and you know
it's wrong he's gonna say no no no we
don't want the Ford we don't want to go
with judge attacks because you know the
way you do it you just say judges and
then he's going to be hit by his
lobbyists they gave a million shares got
a hundred and thirty-five forty million
dollars I don't have anything I don't
want anything I don't want money I'm
just taking a little small contributions
for people to send me in what the woman
since $7.32 and I was so in love with a
beautiful letter so it's amazing I like
that possess like an investment
that adds up to the fuel for the plane
trip to Iowa ok it all does but who
cares I don't want them because I don't
want to be controlled last week you
heard me say this I turned down 52
million dollars by a big lobbyists not a
bad person you know tough guy not a bad
person but he gives me five he's not
doing that because he thinks I have
beautiful hair not that then and it is
my hair and is my hair it is that is
actually people don't know that I proved
that you know in Alabama was really hot
it was raining and I added a lot to do
that but but ghetto so we we would go
over and the lobbyists would say no we
gave you millions of dollars mister
president and you owe it to the
lobbyists and after about 10 minutes you
just hope I can't really do that they
really helping my campaign with me
because I know all these guys but they
never did it because I don't want their
money I earn the money that I turned
down so much money I feel like such a
stupid person know it's true
first time my life I feel stupid does it
give me offering me millions like to
give you five million dollars I could
have it right now and I turned them down
I go back as I'm doing the right thing
fact how about I just take a vote how
about if I take all this money and
promised I swear to you that I won't do
anything for these people what about
that no
that's you know that's the way it has to
be because i think one of the things I
like about me is gonna buy me nobody's
gonna fight
and
alright so after about 10 minutes bush
goes out and it says right you could
build a plant built it up so I please
how dare me I mean it was so terrible
that even thought about doing that you
know because you contributed money ok me
different I don't want you in mexico
Mexico I love the mexican people I have
thousands of Mexican people that have
worked for me over the years and even to
this day I mean I love the Hispanic the
spirit I love them very credible people
but we have leaders they can compete
with the leaders do leaders are to spark
so I would say that they had a Ford
sorry I'm not going to approve tax what
every car and every truck in every part
that comes across that southern border
you 35% tax ok that's what's gonna
happen
and this is too easy I don't need any of
the killers that it's going to get them
anyway but this is too easy this is like
this is this is taking candy from like
that beautiful little baby ok so easy so
what happens is they didn't say no no no
and if people call me but these are
people that I didn't take any money I
didn't take anything I don't want their
money so that people call me and i wanna
see that here and I know they'll be
friends of mine maybe I'll say I'm not
address it and I would say let's say
this whole process starts at 12 noon I
would say by four o'clock in the
afternoon the head of ford will call me
and say mister president we've decided
to build in the united states that will
happen will happen if they're really
tough
wait till the next day but I guarantee
you by five o'clock the next day that
they're back and that's great that's
what we need we need jobs we can't keep
giving out our jobs you know college
debt I go over now and I see the vets
are mistreated in this country so badly
believe me you know they didn't like the
most popular person with the vets you
know I built the vietnam memorial in
downtown Manhattan ok and if it's like
me a lot and they did a poll and people
were shocked this is why we would you be
shocked cuz I'm gonna take care of the
other one college college debt it's out
of control and I go around and I see
students and by the way you see what's
happening with the college's I mean you
talk about like what they're doing the
prices of these colleges the way they're
rapidly raising and students are
borrowing money from different bit but
also from the government
the only thing that the government makes
money on college students that's true
then making a lot of money in college
yet and the big thing we need is jobs
and its students come up to me and they
say mr. Trump bombard I can't I can't
even I don't know however paid off this
is somebody that's a junior or senior in
college and they they it's almost like
they have no hope it to me it's one of
the saddest things I've seen in making
the rounds is college students college
debt and they say and then apply for
jobs one was tell me from a very good
actually College in Iowa where I was
great college and they were saying you
know I worked hard I became a great
student I thought I just became one of
the top students in my class I can't get
a job and a lot of a pink jobs so now
they have the debt and they can't get
because China has a judge in japan has a
job and so many other places we don't
have jobs so they get out and there's no
place to go and in a way to do it we're
gonna solve the problem because we're
back to jobs from China and we gonna
bring back to judge from Japan
there but if you look at the deficit the
trade deficit that we have with china
people somehow get a balanced budget
like they can some good deals with China
and Japan look at the trade deficit I
was in Los Angeles two weeks ago I saw
ships that were soaping I've never seen
anything like it
with cars from Japan it pouring off we
sell them actually you so chief this is
one of the benefices beef but honestly
if you have a look at the difference
numbers here it's so it's so crazy we
said we may send cars we said we have
great relationships with these people
you know the amazing thing every country
in the world thinks that the United
States is represented by stupid people
and their right now they're all very
stupid people
and every country in the world in every
country in the world everybody makes
money and a funny thing is we don't get
along with anybody here we have here we
have deals are all bad and everybody
else's I just came in and I'm watching
on television that will really in a very
bad place with russia now we're working
on the Ukraine and I think that's fine
but why is it Europe sort of like
leading that hold charge why we always
leave me when working and I think it's
terrible that's a lot of problems with
sending an F 22 ran to gorge and when we
have fighters are best military people
are going over there and we're worried
about you create I think I think it's
weird but you know Germany is over the
Germany's far richer than we are
Germany's made a fortune we protect
Germany for no money can we protect
South Korea for no money so Germany is
over there right and then did not but
Obama's talking about the Ukraine
Ukraine Germany sitting right let let
these dopey people that care and all the
European country so is sending a fight
is now in north korea you have a
situation where you know he's raring his
head again I just ordered four thousand
television sets a big job that I did and
4,000 they're all made in south korea
don't make him in iowa I wish anybody
make televisions
they don't make them anywhere in this
country
304,000 Samsung LG it's all of it right
there are from South Korea sony's from
japan is good but
but just paid a fortune saying they make
a fortune look at the deficit that we
have with South Korea I love South Korea
level these countries but why is it that
we protect them so this guy raises his
head
nuclear weapon we have been at least we
have 28,000 troops over there right now
which is nothing compared to the median
that they have in north korea bigamy ok
what we do and you know how can we
please we're watching the ukraine we're
watching South Korea will watching
Germany while watching Japan we protect
your PIN we have a treaty with Japan if
Japan gets attacked we have to
immediately go to the Red ok If we get
attacked Japan doesn't have to help us
with this deal that's the kind of deals
with no no that's the kind of deals they
have nothing to do but if they get a
text we have to go over to Japan I yeah
yeah yeah so so we need smart people and
we can straighten this country out we
can make this country so so we can make
it better than ever in my we can make it
better than ever
Saudi Arabia I love Saudi Arabia the
people are very nice to me by my partner
and she wouldn't believe it is true that
pay me anything did nothing but money
they have nothing but money I have a
beautiful plane all of a sudden it
doesn't look so good when I look at some
of them I'm jealous terribly jealous
Arabia they make a billion dollars a day
none offered as I was before the you
know when that but now let's say to have
a pretty good we protect them protection
here we get nothing and every time if
you think in Yemen those folks who have
to Yemen then you leave the room right
now cuz you not very smart young man did
you ever see the border it never ends
its just straight line it never ends and
you know it's on the other side Saudi
Arabia the oil if you think this
stopping at Yemen be looking for the oil
don't forget I'm the one I'm the most
militaristic person I would build a
military so strong so powerful so
incredible nobody would ever use it
nobody would ever happen we would never
have to use it I would have the best
everything you know we have a military
where we give to the allies are allies
were given to the wrong allies by the
way you know that we give it to the
wrong house we don't give to the kurds
we give two people one bullet shot near
2300 humvees armor-plated the best in
the world so I heard they left in one
day they abandon 2300 said no no no you
man
armor-plated the best in the world tom
these 2300 because one shot was fired in
the air
these are the people helping these are
the people helping and now the enemy has
the humvees armor-plated we have the
ones where did not armor-plated and our
wounded warriors who are the greatest
people we have in this country that the
greatest the greatest
and our soldiers are protected and the
enemy is because they have these great
vehicles that they talk and that's just
the humvees you could go into everything
they have the best equipment we have so
we have to get smart and we have to know
what we're doing and I would build I'm
telling you I am so into it but in 2000
and and culture noses in 2004 as much as
I am into the military I love and
respect I'm a huge fan of General Patton
I'm a huge fan of General Douglas
MacArthur to this day he has the highest
marks a person I believe in like marks
and education I think it's great general
douglas to this day has the highest
grades in the history of something nice
nice thing we have to do something and
we have to do it since we have to get
the generals that there was a general
one uses name but he's leaving and they
said to him the other day about Isis on
television
well what do you think about Isis can we
beat them I don't know I don't know I
don't know it's going to be very hard
very hard to be nice and i can you
imagine george patton saying it would be
hard to be hit have am NOT down about
three days and he say where's the next
country where we go from here where
where
General Douglas MacArthur getting out
with this corn cob pipe right out of the
airplane looking over the land that he
just took can you imagine him going to
get too busy fighting they want to win
the two busy winning we don't have
winners anymore winners of this country
have winners now speaking of winners
will know about trade we've covered it
it's horrendous I'm gonna get the
greatest negotiate a treaty can make a
lot of money would be great if we have
the love in business week magazine again
they had a story of the 10 things the
Chinese most want now who's tougher in
the Chinese the night I love them I
respect I just take what they do it was
tough for them to ten things one of the
10 things as anything Trump apartments
and we wanted to see how could that be
possible because maybe they respect me
or maybe they respect us I don't know
anything from ok so we gonna be
respected
we're gonna be really respect we should
have gone to Iraq we did we made a
mistake when we went out we should have
kept the oil and you would have ice is
the leading you wouldn't have it now
people say oh that such a harsh
statement he said take the oil to help
the iraqi government is totally corrupt
Isis is just formed out of Iraq so we
should be done in and then the way Obama
got out was a total contestants and then
I said total catastrophe
and I said
Reuters 2004 July I said don't go in
because if you do that to Iraq and I'm
one that wants to be like I'd love I
love the strength to use it in the right
location if you do that you're going to
allow Iran to take over the could you
gonna decapitate there were two powers
or equal did fight that go ten c10 c10
c10 they rest this goes on for decades
ago 1010 right am i right
so we decapitate one of them now I ran
is as we speak
meeting with iraq to take over the
country and you know who's getting the
oil most of the oil the stuff that I
systems in China you know that china is
getting so much oil and getting you know
we get nothing
thousands of lives wounded warriors
while of all over two trillion dollars
we have nothing in Afghanistan which a
lot of people don't know is very rich in
minerals oil and minerals with fighting
in Afghanistan and a very amazing
mountains and regions with fighting in
Afghanistan over here and on the other
side of the mountain they have massive
from China that taken out all the
minerals as we we need people that are
smart we have people that don't get it
look at the deal we have with a look at
this deal
is going to in my opinion lead to an
arms race the likes of which there has
never been countries are going to line
up for Dokes you gonna have perhaps
nuclear proliferation you gonna see
things that you have never seen take
place in a short period this is a deal
that just the other day it was
determined after months he'll take so
long to go on forever they had all
prisoners we never asked for a prison
about that having a deal is good but we
should have doubled and tripled up the
sanctions and negotiated from strength
to dinner so instead we have carried
that goes on bicycle races the price
increases 72 73 years old and I said it
the last time I spoke I swear to you i
will never enter a bicycle reserve on
president Islip Islip he is in a bicycle
race she falls you breakers like this is
our chief negotiators walked in and they
look at a bike wattage I watched
actually on Charlie Rose I watched a
chief negotiator being interviewed by
Charlie and have 25 minutes I tweeted
donald Trump tweeted I said this guy is
too smart for caring so we have to get
the prison and you know what the excuse
well we didn't ask them we didn't want
to make the deal too complicated
think of it they're fighting us in Yemen
we didn't ask anything about you don't
find us
24 day wait period so if we think
they're doing nuclear we have to wait 24
days but see that's not the worst part
the worst part is that clock doesn't
start ticking could be much as a whole
process i mean they could build and
build a couple of more shoot and by that
time we still wouldn't be in their check
in fact I can just see them sweeping up
the floor painting at battleship grey
you know when I was with my father used
to paint garages battleship way it
always like that would you do know what
I mean by battleship grey shiny
battleship grey I can just see him doing
it so what we doing this crazy so you
have that and then the beauty of all and
you heard it two days ago after years we
just found out that they're going to do
in the most important section didn't do
their own inspections to get around to
do their own inspections did you hear
about this one looks so many guys did
you where the hell have you been for the
last three guys three days ago I heard
nobody knew they are going to self
inspect it is unbelievable that it is
another part we gotta give them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars plus
and even if the deal is approved they
get that no other way they get that
regardless you know when I do a deal
when i buy something that came when i
buy the product whatever the deposit and
right
when the deal closes with paying them
even if the deal doesn't happen I'd
never heard this one before I don't know
who came up with the idea of us have
been carried no we must because I don't
think the Iranians you know the Iranian
Spurgeon's a great negotiate the natural
great negotiate I don't believe they
would have even thought of this because
it's so crazy no true they wouldn't have
actually said let's do this because it's
so far out who would ever think of it
they get a hundred and fifty billion
plus plus even if the deals voted down
into the deal doesn't happen which they
will probably happen because we have a
lot of weak people that are going to
prove that just like their probe
Obamacare you know you elected people
though in a knockout Obamacare they got
to washington something happen I
promises I'm gonna happen if something
happens in Washington they get elected
they are really gonna do a job they're
all enthused and Obamacare we're gonna
fight to end this horrible thing with
the five billion dollar website that
doesn't work to this day by the way I
billion I have about 40 websites like
Nicholas me three dollars and they work
and go to washington they look at these
beautiful buildings and all of a sudden
they become an appropriate word I think
so they become just it doesn't work but
those two together something happens and
look where I'm working on a car parts of
course I gotta vote for Obamacare is no
wonder what I'm doing but they got
elected to not get out what happened to
these people what happened so something
happens when people get elected and go
to washing the beauty of washing I'm
building as you know president Obama is
in charge of government services were
tremendous people by the way they really
are they're very talented people that's
because it kills me they didn't choose
me probably would be saved but they are
talented people they're great people and
we're doing a great hotel where the
greatest hotels I think it'll be one of
the greatest hotels anyone but everybody
wanted it one of the most sought-after
pieces of property rights back on
pennsylvania between Congress and the
White House best location for the real
estate people they know this like any
time you get a post offices could get to
the post office was always defers the
old post office in washington D C so
it's being converted to Trump
International Hotel gonna be great and
just take it then I got it from the
Obama administration
what we're doing a great job and here's
the thing we're ahead of think of this
compare this to government we're way
ahead of schedule and under budget
you know we have a great country we have
a country with tremendous potential the
potential to the people of the potential
we have great people we have problems
all over the place but their problems
that can be solved we have to
incentivize people we have to give
people spirit when President Obama was
elected one thing I thought would happen
I really thought he would be a unifier
you look at Baltimore you look at
Ferguson you look at st. Louis the other
night you look at Chicago you look at so
many different places and you look at
what's happening with the
african-american youth it's never been a
worship never you look at what's
happening with so many other aspects of
our country and there's a racial divide
there's a divide period this hatred all
over the country I've never seen it like
we have to unify the country we have to
spirit eyes we have to create jobs we
have to do a tremendous amount of work
but it could be done quickly I will say
this if the right person is not elected
come next year I don't know if it can be
brought back again no matter how
competent and capable the person too
good to be true far down the line
that's going to be too far down the line
just in closing and you don't normally I
do questions but this has been such a
good time and everyone's had heard such
a brilliant speech you know I was with
Elton John Elton John deter do anybody
like a lot of times like they'll do this
last song and it's so great it's so
unbelievable the places standing and
going incredible and then they'll be
like to come back to like three boys and
three rd is good and people go good
let's get out of here Alice so you know
you like to leave on a high note and I
just like this but I have a thank you I
love you too thank you but but you know
I have a statement I say it all the time
and I told the story once before and
it's that the american dream is dead but
I'm gonna make it bigger and better and
stronger than ever right
but when I got home one night and my
wife and the problem I have with tell it
like they're all live what do I do every
night I'm on live television I'm
supposed to make speeches how do you
make the same speech I try and change it
up but every night CNN Fox MS NBC
everybody look at them they're all live
it's not fair
no doubt
these are the guys that go around and
make a speech in front of 21 people
nobody cares they can make the said they
read the same state they had a DDD Dave
teleprompters I say we should outlaw
teleprompters for anybody right for
anybody anybody running for president
you should be you know how easy that
would be instead of this I'm working my
ass off ok instead of this I could just
end up ladies and gentlemen thank you
very much as wonderful to be an Iowa you
know everybody's gonna fall asleep in
half an hour we leave no mistakes no
problems but I walk in but they're
always like these guys I think we're
gonna kill let's not canceling them a
little bit by the way they get a
phenomenal ratings that's why they live
they getting phenomena rating and you
know in the old days when I was with the
apprentice they paid me a lot of money
they don't pay me anything you know for
the debate with 24 million people
normally they have like two million
people right when you say and two
million if they're lucky they had 24 I
won't take credit for but believe me a
hundred percent its me a hundred percent
through the ratings came out they were
so big and so much it was the biggest
trading in the history of cable
television or something like that and
you know i was little be used but that's
ok so what happens if it's not me that I
should go to CNN during the next debate
and I should say to jeff zucker a great
coach Jeff I'm gonna do the debate but I
want two million dollars for charity
American Cancer Society age will pick
ten great
otherwise I'm not going to the debate
and honestly I think they'd pay me I do
I'm 200% for charity but it might not
look right I don't know and I have to
think about it I thought I like it does
anybody like that idea that we go to
roger else is a great guy at Fox you
know they did so great at CNN you did so
good at Fox at like 12 15 18 all for
charity but I'm thinking about it I am
thinking about it believe me so I got
home though my wife says to me you know
what are you doing what are you doing it
was a horrible thing you said you know I
said why what you said the American
dream
turn on the television TV was wonderful
and i turn it on and they have it cut
its the American dream is dead but I
said what a terrible state but what I do
say and I say it all the time the
American dream is to a large extent it's
in trouble but we're going to make it
bigger and better and stronger than ever
before and we are going to win the
nomination and we had to get the
greatest people that have ever represent
we did you get the smartest toughest
best people to represent us against the
world and we are going to make our
country so great again you're gonna be
so proud of it and it's an honor to be
with you tonight and I really look
forward to being with you for many many
years to come
thank you
thank you very much thank you very much
thank you thank you

thank you very much is amazing and I
want to thank bill and Travis ways bill
addresses they own this place they gave
us a very good deal you know what it is
nothing more I thank you fellows thank
you very thank you very much beautiful
nice facility nice facility they said
they've never had anything like this
before I should we went to 34 places and
every time would sign up it was so many
more people than we thought it was just
an amazing experience and you know we
all started in Phoenix where I had that
big event we had a big event thank you
thank you I love you I love you folks
you know we all want the same thing we
want to make America great again I mean
it's like the same less sure nobody
wanted to be less I know but nobody is
this threat is a very a political crap
now we had a little debate so I'll bet
you they get big ratings that unites all
that then as soon as you're ready to go
through the roof
I think next time I won't do it I wanna
maybe not do the next debate just to see
it but these debates have been become
super bowls in a sense it's been amazing
you know that last cycle no network even
one of the debates they were considered
a wasteland nobody watch it very few
people watching and now Fox had 24
million when she's now actually higher
with the final numbers but 24 million
the largest ever and cable television
CNN at 23 million the biggest event in
the history in terms of numbers in terms
of people watching in the history of CNN
CNN all fairness they cover wars they
cover last two different things some
problems some big events in the history
of CNN 23 million according to CNN was
the biggest event they've ever had and
you know what I get out of it
nothing not safe and thank you thank you
for years ago nobody did you remember
that have a choice
anybody even watch so we have to take
advantage of all weekend you know so
last night was interesting because I
made a place so much easier
someone she's here you know it's hard to
say either run as an independent and say
you know I just got a poll where I'm at
doesn't make a lot of sense audit
colleagues now and you know it's amazing
to me
amazing you know I did meet the press
couple of months ago and I was doing
ration of 11 number one by the way since
I went there all talking about it in the
history of politics they say this isn't
me it's the people who I don't trust
worth and but yeah I go through this all
the time and he always said although
today I think the fact that I did Bill
O'Reilly had no choice but to follow but
they never show the crash says you know
that right I always talk about go home I
did you have many people because they
just don't show the quest to show my
face they never show that unless and I
used to think the cameras were like
fixed that they can you know modern
cameras a lot of they don't work like
the old cameras right and then all of a
sudden will have like a protester in the
back corner and you see these cameras
twisted like a pretzel is unbelievable
but I think to look at all of them back
they look at those cameras they are the
worst people
OIC
the worst very just under 70 75 percent
sure very good but you have sOooo many
dishonest reporters I i've never said in
fact it's almost amazing to me cause I
consider myself to get the worst
publicity and yet I got this message
lead and it tells you two things they're
just honest and the people are really
smart they will get stories that is so
bad and then come back Mr Trump's are
you opposed just went up seven points
out that be possible people get it they
know the presses design has it's a it's
all Big John job so it's one of those in
fact in Phoenix
you remember the crowd was anybody right
it was like this it was we had fifteen
thousand people they reported it as your
thousand than 2,000 and then what's his
name but he said she's done so now he's
gone he he lost it when he said
killer is fine with a message is not
fine with that was really breaking the
law folks ok so he doesn't get big
crowds anymore but he was there a little
bit before or after his pitches his dad
Mike his grad was much later than mine
in a lot of people but it was much
lighter and they say it wasn't rough
that it matters but it's justice on the
street 41 of those things ok now last
night so I had jet come at me you know
low energy
now I'm standing there and all of a
sudden I hear this in a dog like he just
the way his pollster told him to say
that I hit back very very hard but look
we need strong people we need scharping
we are being kill we are being beaten by
everybody we're not winning anymore
knight-ridder stuff I say we are winning
anymore we don't live on trade we don't
win against the military are vets are
being mistreated so badly a tolerable
horrible so I just want to go over there
so here we are ready
they're complaining Ashley don't
complain you're going to be the only
ones that he was going to see on
television you know in a certain way
down the best location you'll be happy
tonight when you watching youself on
television show last night they do all
these polls and it's great they pull
everything you know it's amazing to me
the candidates go out and spend hundreds
of thousands of posters right I don't I
get a lot of money and it doesn't matter
I like unlimited campaign and yet now
figure this this this so jet bush to
this point has spent over forty million
dollars per its he's at 22 donald Trump
told this point has spent $211,000 I
don't even know why I spent it I think I
wanted to give something
number one by a lot by 27 30 points I'm
a lot of things when it be nice if we
could do that for a country so I spent
the leash and I have the best result
i'd like our students where we're number
one in the world by far in terms of cost
per pupil and when number 28 in the
world
ok you're right I think I like that guy
right but not think of it because it's
like the reverse so I spent the least
not gonna spend a lot of money but I was
going to add up to this point
35 million dollars I thought I'd need to
spend you know what do I know and these
guys you know as much as I can't stand
of the kidney oldest free publicity
right by putting that on people would
get sick to sell my god we had the whole
program and now we have it we actually
please don't put the yet we actually
called network please don't put that it
you know they cut you short stroll hour
and then every 12 minutes they have an
ad for truck doesn't work so I was going
to have 35 million up literally right up
to this point and I spent nothing I
haven't spent anything but we're ready
to spend I mean we're ready to spend and
we could spend a lot and I think we're
gonna win Ohio well we just came out
where we're leading in Iowa now which is
a great place but I love because it just
came out
drudge now this is with 15 people right
registration al-qaida stretch great guy
he's a great guy so they do these online
polls with hundreds of thousands of
people so they don't somebody was not
reliable baby trump hundreds of that you
think I'm gonna have to sit there make
hundreds of thousands of phone calls and
then they reported anyway if I win
because of my window we bought it they
have these guys like george will you
fall asleep listening to discuss it in a
way the little spectacle she wouldn't
even be bright nobody would think this
is George I mean I gotta tell you brad
Henry terrible he is so unfair to me he
is the worst he is the worst and I'm not
allowed to criticizes I'm going to be
very nice crowds have a terrible he's
terrible you have a guy named Steven
Hayes I never even heard of this guy
when my name
is mentioned just like he's up Lily goes
crazy now part of the reason is they all
said I was never gonna run by and then I
ran this other file formats basically a
single page when you signed your life
away and I went like this
let's go then they said well maybe he's
not as rich as everyone thinks he'll
never file as financial and if he does
he'll file a min two years from now
you'll a lot of extensions I filed ahead
of schedule in less than 30 days almost
a hundred pages and of presley's down
there they said they'd never seen
anything like it they was cowering does
believe me I want to be running unless I
was really rich as they would it kill it
and they end by the way you haven't read
what report that I built a great company
I don't a tremendous company very little
detriment to schedule the best Asus and
the only reason I say I'm not saying
because it sounds terrible in a certain
way I don't want to break but that's the
thinking we need in this country we have
19 trillion in debt we have 19 trillion
dollars in debt we built the story
$3,000,000 gas station in Afghanistan
and it doesn't even spell the right gas
ok 43 million you think you can build a
gas station for slightly less now you
look at the things the money we spend a
billion dollars to build a hospital I
mean you could build seven hospitals so
that we could take care of her for money
we have such still people leading US I
used to say they're incompetent I didn't
want to use the stupidest to crude they
don't know I went to an Ivy League
school I really like a smart guy my
uncle is at MIT was a professor for
years they didn't believe it they went
to check dr. John I actually think you
was there for five decades MIT was one
of the great engineers scientists and
you know it's like really good but when
they talk about us they talk about us
like we know the smartest people these
are the people that made our country
great
originally these are the great people
great people and we're going to take our
country back and we're gonna turn it
around and we're gonna run it smart
they'll run $100 duran listen to this
and this just heard this morning so we
give a hundred and fifty billion dollars
to her and they self inspect their big
site though it will make it into their
cell can you imagine you call them we
are you making news ok well the shack
that call dumps and then this think of
this and then they have to 24 day where
I have 21 days before the clock starts
ticking you have to go through all
processes can be forever before you get
there and you know the other thing look
at it it's more important than anything
and have a good deal is good for him I
could just tough it is but another thing
that gets more prisoners they wouldn't
even get him out so I've been
complaining about this from a long
before they did the deal yet the
prisoners out so now the deal is done
and what do I hear this morning on
television that we're now starting a
brand new separate negotiations with the
procedures and a what many prisoners
that we have over here for the four
think about it think about it now think
about it so now they want to start a
whole new negotiation that we should
have three years ago when this stupid
negotiations began you go any said
before we start we want to preserve as
they say no we say that's ok you leave
the room you double up the sanctions
they call you back within 48 hours I
don't say you got your prisoners think
of it we just gave them the greatest
deal what are the greatest just in the
history of countries we made them a
powerful rich nation they going to now
have nuclear energy and have to waste
their time making it with the money we
gave them they can buy nuclear why they
gonna make it they can buy whatever they
want you don't think north korea's
probably calling help help help we need
money will give you some milk we are
thus we are led by the stupidest people
have ever so I can't even imagine so now
here's the thing I want I can even watch
it I can't even listen to it so now they
want to do a new negotiations for the
prisoners and all we had to do said we
want and they want a lot and one of the
guys said from her n we want a lot
it drives all of us that's why we're
here you know they used to talk about
the silent majority will not silent
anymore folks
Hillary Clinton is a disaster
she's going to be just as God forget her
and Obama helped get us into this mess
with the migration highways let's go
into libya let's go his house she's
doing she wakes up in the morning I will
not say that she puts her pants suit
because that's what she does I'm not
gonna say I'm not saying it I will not
say that she wakes up in the morning she
goes out
Shogun a new hampshire one day a week
something you haven't notice should do
something totally stage of it for people
she's always sitting around a little
plastic table there's like four people
nice people out of a thousand people
they fit the floor nice as yesterday's
really innocent questions and that she
believes that she goes back to sleep for
a week and I'm telling you I'll tell you
we're in the foxhole just came out and
the fox hole was very strong that aidid
hurt easily by Peter easily
and and honestly honestly and look what
I did the bush I haven't even started on
hillary
Bush here now he's doing another
commercial use negative commercials on
me he's doing a commercial where he is
what he said last night but he doesn't
put what I said to him and what it is
and it's a big problem in terms of
running for office because you know
these super PACs are scam there is a
horrible thing that totally corrupt one
of the super PACs it was written about
last week in Los Angeles Times a race
six million dollars by the time all of
these guys took their cut they ended up
with a hundred and forty thousand
dollars left with a campaign that's
better than that's better than being a
real estate broker right right we have
so many things we can do and I'll tell
you the thing I really look forward to
doing some of the people in this age I
really like you saw last night that Ted
Cruz was very nice to me and I was nice
to him actually most of the people most
of the people were nice to me last time
it was pretty good you know I went in
this stuff to you because I heard all of
them are going to come out right
fourteen of them were gonna be coming up
and I was prepared but I said this could
be unpleasant international millions of
people and out of the the 1400 jet that
I guess Rand Paul just an average chance
by the way what is Rand Paul doing you
know whether you like his politics and
his father had a certain spark right you
know there was a little sparkle red
doesn't have that spark ran doesn't have
this book and I love kentucky is one of
the great places but I don't get it you
know how to get reelected in Kentucky I
don't get it i dont know is he gonna be
primary is somebody gonna run against
him as we do want a republican but you
gotta be primary something but he's a
guy but the father had a spark and he
had something special like this but he
had something special rain doesn't have
a choice other than those two and it was
really even occasions
surprised he's gotten beaten up pretty
badly said you know what it's easier to
be nice to truck right it's easier less
costly but he was nice and we had a good
show
drudge 46% that's had a fifteen people
so that means I got 46 percent
time magazine believe me I don't control
too I was on the cover for five weeks
ago they should pick before the first of
the year but they did you know it's
coming from me that these panels and
virtually and i said im never gonna get
it because I'm not establishment but
every panel that I saw on television
when time was even though the magazine's
going down the tubes and so does the
cool thing most magazines are going down
into a fair to say that it's great to
watch these guys go down the tubes but
you know what time magazine so that
straddles and five people around you
know all the political battles and
almost everybody even my enemy said no
trouble getting his he's done something
that's ever been done before they have
been done before folks and we're really
doing is really a movement what we're
doing is a movement so they said drugs
gonna win I said I love my wife i said
im done never do it it's just like the
apprentice for the first three seasons I
should've gotten the apprentice got the
number one got tremendous ratings it was
the hottest thing I did pick these shows
that were established Amazing Race you
fall asleep watching their operations
are sleeping because of that
establishment Hollywood I'm not as that
should politically Showtime magazine a
woman who's destroying Germany she let
the migration come right into German
she's destroying Germany and if I have
to work with her little while do just
fine but I'm telling you what she did
was wrong they should have done a safe
zone in Syria had a big beautiful fat
safe zone and stop all this nonsense
and I honestly if you work for Obama and
Hillary you probably wouldn't have even
had the migration they are so
incompetent
time magazine time magazine 49% 51%
charities that come 49% USNews and will
be put 69% PBS public radio's PBS 69%
this is who want it is 69% the blaze
well he doesn't like me very much it's
ok who cares I don't even know who he is
very 8% milos 1 Washington Times trade
paper 62% CBS Philadelphia 59% Fox 5 Las
Vegas 62% that's what it is i mean you
know by the way I just read I just read
every single home those are all the
online post and wanted a bit and then
you'll watch he's actually did what you
know when you're on television you tend
to watch no matter who you are but I
went home and i must say for the most
part even the haters they thought he did
well one or two said well I think you
have a particularly great night these
people are brutal but who cares so what
are the reasons we've done so well here
is because we are going to stop illegal
immigration you have to
we have to if we don't stop it we don't
have a country folks we don't have a
country we don't have a country and you
know I have his big hard as anybody here
I have his big hard as anybody it's like
with the migration help them let's do
something but we can't let them come
over almost more important than anybody
did you see yesterday's story about cell
phones and flags and also to beheadings
and trying to pictures on their cell
phones first of all people in a
migration having cellphones that was the
first question I mean who trade for
those cell phones where they coming from
who they call it these days people can
you imagine many many many cellphones
why where do they get cell phones who
pays a monthly bill what are they go
don't they get filled by the phone
company or something how I guess you
know friend of mine said you know they
have flags and he was talking about the
ISIS legs and also the beheadings and
everything so but I should something
different
wow I never thought of that you right
now they have cellphones so we're not
letting them come in and if they are
here when I get here they're all going
back they have to they have to
back so we're going to mexico is going
to pay for the wall and I love Mexico
and I love the mexican people in a style
that works for me and they're incredible
workers with incredible spirit and a lot
of me and I'll tell you why in the state
of Nevada they recently did a poll and
I'm leaving with a strategy because I'm
going to produce jobs I'm going to take
our jobs back from China and Japan and
Mexico and all these other places and
you know what extent are here legally
and that got went through a process
those people are all that for me because
they don't want their jobs taking they
don't want their house taken they don't
want to be overrun by people pouring
across the borders and one of the first
thing I do probably the first thing I do
is the good thing about an executive
order what's a good thing I could walk
inside and that's the end I have to go
through Congress Obama never goes to
congress you know it just isn't credible
so I'm a Republican but I'm so
disappointed the republicans when we got
majority when we got majority did you
think it would be different
some guy or woman gets elected they go
through how we're gonna stop Obamacare
when a repeal it and refine I am going
to do that violates gonna be debt
not to worry too much it's gonna die in
seventeen unless the republicans work
out a rescue plan which will probably do
if I'm not there I will tell you
Obamacare is dead in seventy you know
the wrong people are signing up its
almost doctors are leaving I have a
friend he said dr. he's a young guy he's
leaving the profession he said I have
more accountants and have nurses more
Italians emerges so anyway we are going
to take care of Obamacare we're gonna
get rid with it and make this place is
going to be unbelievable and it should
go fast but I'll tell you what can
happen we can't go through another four
years of this company and stupidity
weekend which we can't do it so what do
you get rid of that but the wall is so
important and you know it does work all
you have to do is ask your friends in
israel it works it's really effective
but I need to trump all I don't mean a
wall that you will not go over you can
get through I mean height of this
building how high you still here man
Travis how I just cause you're talking
about a little bit higher than that
meaning if you get up there man is no
way to get them and it's gonna be a
beautiful wall because someday they'll
name in afternoon I wanted to be viewed
through a straw and is going to work and
to have people come in when you have a
particular people come in but they gonna
come in legally the company only
and was gonna bring our country back
into its really having a huge impact and
you know one of the people that I've got
enough got in there so many people
students and professors and college has
caused you know student debt used to
work in that way to work and everything
works on everything I mean there's
nothing we can work on this is nothing
in this country guy said last night
at a lot I wouldn't want to be the enemy
and have a lot of those suckers coming
we just don't know how to use it we
don't have the whole thing is different
but one of the people that have gotten
to know who's one of the great great
people
the illegal immigration has caused
tremendous crime has caused tremendous
debt it's caused economic hurt as you
know because a lot of jobs are being
taken and and our citizens and get those
jobs and again we have people come in
and when you have if there are certain
areas like a great period I know a lot
of the folks up there and they say you
if we can get will do some of these
programs we get people up we're not
gonna hurt industry we don't want to
hurt businesses will get people will get
the people in it are people don't want
to take the job and I have said that you
know there's people that don't want
certain jobs and I get it but we're
going to get the people that make this
country so dynamic my tax plan on
cutting the hell outta taxes for the
middle class
businesses and business corporations are
gonna bring the trillions of dollars in
Arab side of the country they're gonna
bring into the use of here but one of
the people I got to know and he's a
friend of mine and he had a horrible
thing happens his son Neil Shah you may
have seen him it's just been amazing and
whatever is around us into me a favor
say a few words will explain what
happened with an illegal immigrant who
killed his son viciously and violently
and you become a friend of mine and he's
here with us and let me bring about
jimmy has come on
2008 daily street dog by an illegal
alien gang banger 18 Street gang banger
he was on his third gun charge now we
hear people talking about banning guns
but you have an illegal alien on his
third gun charge never been deported he
was released he was in jail for assault
with a deadly weapon battery on a peace
officer resisting arrest
ok eight months in the county jail for
that for months early that day he got
out there were according to the sheriff
but then in LA county he said that she
know gang member to legal aid gangs and
gang members the shaft collars ordered
him out into the streets to say they get
out because you want to be a liability
so the same day he got out he was told
to go in my neighborhood plastic you
must learn was with me and myself went
to love football training in Pasadena
and he was getting recruited from
Stafford Virginia texts I mean it was
really beautiful thing you know i mean
we did seventeen years of hardcore
practice in China get a scholarship and
we were there we we had we had a bad day
that David came home from the train est
go to the mall he is doing one of those
whom all hang out with friends but I'm
leaving though on the day before
yesterday go to a party of course I said
no but you know why I know day I might
happen next day you know
way home from the way home from the gym
where are you had a couple minutes
a minute later heard two gunshots really
really loud so I knew that my house I
called his phone see where he was
didn't answer my heart was I knew it was
you know I walked outside the history
there will be industry day street she
said you guys are there in my
neighborhood looking for money
driving the girl driving the car never
you been doing she met him in a jail he
pissed him and one of his friends in the
money to drive 2012 guys 2010 guys will
use the money that was my next door
neighbor testified every time I saw my
street as it will come into my
neighborhood and it took the girl to
perot Rapallo we want the children right
here you know that that spider-man that
you know what they saw and she said no
I'm going on in my house
donated notice when he was coming so he
went to a neighbor's house knocked on
his door and on the way back to his car
so he wouldn't put a man on the street
when he put the guy now and why he
wanted a corner of 45 and stomach you
didn't match 7000 45 math test he was
laying on his back corner stable hands
and it I saw him through his hand into
his head it was vicious
unless of course I ran outside even
today I told you I just told him the day
before and you know I don't believe you
know and that's what we need done which
because donald Trump is going to make it
safe again you know
donald Trump down on drug is now made
especially European my son is dead I
can't fix day I was but I have a another
seventeen years old he was a two-time
now he's 17 date me know you owe your
brother now you know and his release a
truck was only person to have reached
out to me out of all the politicians of
the black politicians have a nobody
cares it's all about illegal aliens I
care about you don't care about us as
americans throw to first we need that he
is he is this is why do we have to be
under the suppression radians and their
duty and American Dream and we can
American Nightmare you know it's not
fair and only way you can see is without
a truck I don't see no the way it was
there it would happen before going on
that he's here and we have to make sure
it happens and safe and we stand in the
way I do because I believe that he was
just thank you
is amazing is amazing so many colleges
wanted to son as he was a good student
who was a great football player and
Camille broke his hand hitting a
concrete was so upset and so you know
you could imagine is just a very amazing
guy and with an amazing family put some
of the members of his family over sister
and his mother and it's just we gave me
right in that plane he said I said have
you written in one like that he said not
yet I said you can ride it whatever you
want but he is a special man believing
gotta take care of our people we gotta
take care of us so we're going to
straighten things we're going to take
trade back from China within a make
money now
last year we had a trade deficit of over
500 billion dollars with china and then
we honored China and we have nothing but
problems that they don't do anything
with us in North Korea they have total
control over north korea
talking about I ran a red have to worry
about under president they won't have to
promise you that doesn't matter what the
agreement said I'm at the violate that
agreement slightly you don't mind you
they will have to but China we have
tremendous power of china but we all
know that because we have people that
had no business going to have to do is
look at the iran deal will weaken them
two hundred and fifty billion dollars at
all of those things that's right the art
of the deal they are the man my man over
there good I'll try signing
thank you but we have to do something we
have to use our hedge so we have $500 a
year in trade deficit shy and we have
way over 75 big hit with AV dollars here
trade deficit with japan with mexico the
number is enormous
that's why these politicians get up the
other day and they said will never build
the wall of course they will make it a
fortune to was peanuts compared to what
they make it but you have to know they
have no business ability whatsoever and
I like they have no business ability
whatsoever and some like Jeb Bush and
others are not strong enough they don't
have the power they don't have whatever
it takes
they don't have it and you know what I
don't want to be a nasty guy but I don't
care anymore we have to get the right
people and I don't care I don't care and
we can have a continuation of the
stupidity of this in companies we can't
do it well we have Caroline Kennedy
negotiating trade pact with Japan I want
Carl Icahn I want the killers of Wall
Street to do it and they all want to do
it they don't want anything they wanted
their ego makes you want to do it some
of them actually love the country and
you know what some of them are not nice
people who cares who cares so we're
gonna take factory was gonna take bank
jobs you know we don't we have lost so
much if you look at what hey everybody
beaches but China is really don't have
been talking about this for 10 years
we're going to take back trade we're
gonna take back jobs and you know what
china's gonna like it better than before
and it was a what are we gonna do
along with people believe that fact they
say you go with democrats are
step-by-step I'm a world class I have to
get along with everybody I get along
with everybody it's my job but now I'm
running against somebody that's really
shouldn't be allowed two runs
should be allowed to run there's no
reason the cheese AP how was he able to
run when Petraeus his rifle is destroyed
and he did 5% what she did how was she
able to run now worry we'll be going
into will be gone but we're gonna bring
jobs back to bring trade was gonna make
trade a friend of mine I tell his story
all the time excavator he dig dig dig
foundations and structures he did extra
made a tremendous excavator and he buys
a lot of equipment and he always put
capital by the way I look what's
happened to that shocked and I was
telling the story year ago so I
predicted it just like I wrote that
Osama bin Laden in my book the America
we deserve I read about Osama bin Laden
in the year 2000 before the World Trade
Center get knocked down it's pretty good
right but he's an excavator
me these very disappointed as you what's
wrong he said I just ordered a
tremendous amount of equipment from
Japan its net income up to I said how is
he said it's good it's not as good as
caterpillar but it's very good but they
cut the ending manipulated the currency
could do anything else I owed it to
myself and my family I could do anything
else about it that's what's happening
and I see it and look at caterpillar
stock I should just two years ago
look what's happening jarred come our
companies are being decimated by
currency manipulation and we have
politicians that don't even know what
the words mean we have a politician that
won't even talk about radical Islamic
terrorism you will not issue the term
and how you solve a problem if you don't
want to even talk about it and I've had
friends of mine that I muslims I have
great relationships with bush's I have
partnerships with was and they called me
up the other day they said not all of
them but they called me up some very
prominent and they say you have done a
tremendous
service at all I'm doing is we have to
figure out folks what the hell is going
on we have some really bad stuff
happening and they called me up and they
said Donald you've done as the service
you really have done a great service and
I was surprised to hear him say it but
they don't much more than we do have a
problem and we've got to solve the
problem but you can't solve the problem
if you put yourself in a corner and
don't want to discuss it you can't do it
so we're gonna solve a lot of problems
we're gonna take that trade back we're
gonna be tremendous you know sworn is
building a tremendous plant in Mexico
right we don't get anything that closing
plants in Michigan what are we doing how
does that benefit us they gonna build in
Mexico then mexico's gonna make cars
trucks and parts and they gonna send
them a judge would like the stupid
people not gonna happen that pesto is
running a big factory from Chicago to
mexico I'm never eating Oreos again i'm
telling never gonna guess I'm not eating
that kinda stuff is not which is not
good but then I couldn't do that and we
did it to us up jobs in factories they
gonna pay tax when they said that struck
back into the united said she was going
to build this big big plant from
farrakhan company is all set the deal
was all done all of a sudden they
announce its a great state incredible
people I mean I have rallies in
Tennessee you wouldn't believe it all of
a sudden they announce its going to
mexico it's not going to Tennessee we're
not gonna let that crap happened without
letting it happen
alright we want jobs we're not gonna be
the people that are lit by stupid people
and we're embarrassed to almost a person
the other day is a terrible thing to say
that person was in Europe they were
embarrassed to say that from the united
states can you believe this can you
believe it you know in the old days my
daughter was anybody have a great person
but she said you know daddy when she was
in Europe as a little girl she said a
lot of things were made in the USA this
a made in the USA and that was quality
and I remembered as some of you remember
it made in the USA
detonated Japan that was cheap stuff
that we have made in Japan level it was
garbage now it's like you don't see i
don't even though we have sides say made
in the USA I haven't seen them do they
use that side of the ball and she said
in Czechoslovakia which was communist
they would take a dollar bill and people
would scotch tape it to the windshield
of the car because there was so amazed
and so proud of America they just wanted
any civil and they take dollar bills and
scotch tape because they had I guess two
words that pride and respect for our
country we don't have that anymore
without respected by anybody anymore
that's why we have tragic this look
everywhere I go I'm crowds like this
everywhere everywhere we have the
biggest crowds by four because this
isn't just like let's go and have a good
time somebody said Oh trucks and great
entertainers at a lot of books yet I'll
tell you we have a message we have a
message and the messages we don't want
to let other people take advantage of
this I was we have rebuilt china we've
rebuilt it you go to China now they have
bridges like the George Washington
Bridge all over the place that's like
this full bridge all over the place we'd
rebuilt it with the money they've sucked
out here
think of it think of it they take our
jobs they take our manufacturing they
take on money they take place and we
right now
China 1.5 trillion dollars like a magic
act is happening with me I have
endorsements from incredible people to
people that I want you know I don't care
of a guy like Jeb Bush never do it
wouldn't bother me at all I think it's a
negative if you will but I have guys
like Carl Icahn a great business guy we
need those guys have to go and put the
AG's to work and she always how great
their nobody can beat our business
people have the greatest in the world
but we don't use them we use political
hacks we use donors we used special
interests of make deals in order that
their companies and their countries are
taken care of that's what we do so you
know I'm self-funding ok I'm sofa I'm
putting up my own money I mean when I
fly in that place believe me it's
expensive I think for ok but you know
what I tell you a lot of people and I
didn't think it was that big of a deal
and I had people to change you have no
idea what it is I many of us I have
turned down two dollars people wanted to
put money into this campaign and two
packs have turned it down I actually
feel a little money money money money
turn it down and when I go to Iowa
Hampshire and South Carolina and tell
them like the people go crazy it's a big
deal about all this money
supposing I took it and I swear to you I
will not be guided by the people that
they all sit up and started pulling on
it and the right so amazing things that
happen
35,000 people in Mobile Alabama we had
twenty thousand people in the Dallas
Mavericks arena it was an unbelievably
like three days four days to fill it up
we had twenty thousand people in
oklahoma in iowa and we have the biggest
crowds by many times it and I couldn't
say it with all those things because you
know you have deadlines but at the most
incredible i dont Iowa New Hampshire go
to South Carolina unbelievable to say it
this way no matter where we go I call it
we because it's we were all together Sat
me when I started this journey
good president that I can tell you but
when I started this journey in June I
was really focused on trade and China
Japan and Vietnam that's another one now
they're doing a number on it took a lot
of jobs out of business and they're all
doing everybody's doing the number like
that big bully dummies it doesn't know
what the hell they're doing but when I
shot in the drug trade and was about the
border and because I'm so strong in the
blood and nobody can be stronger than me
and you know you haven't noticed how
these guys are opening their all week
they were members of a gang of eight you
know the gang of eight come on it folks
right now the role and they were all
sent home with terrible language with
truck now they're all coming trying to
be more and more
they can never get more so than me
because I know how to do it I gotta get
these guys every one of them said you'll
never get to me it's easy when they said
no one gonna make it three hours so you
not everybody should be able to
negotiate with them as well I don't want
to sit and watch a three hour debate to
ours is better I could debate for 25
hours for help once the lights for three
hours so they said you'll never be able
to get out of innocent guess I will I
called ahead of CNBC 33 minutes and we
had a two-hour debate so here it is
folks in a nutshell the trade stuff is
easy and I i thought so much fun jump
eres tu vienes tires not this country
but say paris and by the way it's none
of those people that were slaughtered in
Paris with $132 many more going to die
that decimated their there as we have in
california more going to die there in
very bad shape we have 14 dead more
going to get some of those people
Paris probably the number one place in
the world for gun control Paris and
French you have a gun unless you're a
bad guy you can view on it some of those
people had a goal or a gunshot right up
into their way
Oregon right over here jess and I
guarantee you the result would have been
a hell of a lot better
would have been a hell of a lot better
talk to some people especially from
liberal New York City everything's
democratic national gun control but I
said supposing i'm talking with people
very successful people but their control
and I'm the exact opposite I think I
think it's no great see you debate them
and they know that yet when the debate
but they still don't change in with your
second Amendment has to be and
strengthen but it has to be we cannot
let them take that away from us and
believe me there's a movement to take it
away and as a new movement is bullish
they want to take bullets away if I
become president and believe me you can
relax nothing's gonna be happening ok
nothing is going to be a car we have to
bring our education back locally will
save a fortune
we want the parents like you and you say
it I see it in your eyes we want the
local people to take care of their kids
education as opposed to bureaucrats in
Washington but I see guys like bush and
others that are very common core just a
way of taking care of your friends what
that is is bureaucratic nightmares that
people couldn't care less about your
children may be some of them do but a
lot of them really just care about how
much money they gonna make a month or a
week at bringing education back locally
I told you before we spent more per
pupil by far
number second isn't even close so
obviously is not working so we have a
lousy educational system we're gonna
change it we're going to bring it local
and it's going to be great and it's
gonna take place immediately it'll go
quickly quickly report suggested
bringing back jobs I can't do that so
easy it's changed a little bit since
parish that since california where a lot
of the post it came out they say Trump
is number one on security Trump is
number one on terrorism and you know but
as far as like
these massive numbers on terrorism like
everybody wants truck for the protection
is a no idea what they're doing
it's not political and it's not it's not
politically correct but it's really
correct its gonna save everybody's like
I had to think last night I talked about
the internet so I see is using our
internet much better than our people
right even though we invented the
internet using it so last night I said I
want to infiltrate the internet but
people's freedom of speech
do that this was that what they want to
kill you
well we don't know where these people
coming from whether they come from they
are using the internet show brilliantly
the good news is we have people in
silicon valley that a far better than
they are we have to get them involved we
had to get them engaged whether we
knocked the hell out of their addictions
them in the ice territories which by the
way are getting larger by the day how
long have I been saying the hell out of
the Royal right right three years and I
wanted to give it to our wounded
warriors in our vets and the families of
people that we kill paramilitaries so
strong and so powerful that nobody's
gonna mess with us and we'll never have
to use it it's going to be cheap will
never have to use it don't forget I was
it gets the war in Iraq and you see that
they go back to 2003 because I could
totally destabilize the Middle East I
was against it
we're gonna make our military so strong
we're going to take care of our vets
gonna take care of their training
horribly and it's never been
gallery three weeks ago set actually the
vets are treated very well that she
hadn't reached interstate three weeks
ago we going to take care of our great
veterans better than ever and we put in
a plan and everybody loves it would take
care of our vets wait getting rid of
Obamacare will come up with something
that I will tell you I just hope you go
out and about
because we have a little structural
problem republicans have a disadvantage
election so unless it's gonna be a
movement type of event like i think is
happening where we can actually run the
whole we can run the table on but unless
it's going to be something like I see
happening thousands and thousands of
people something is going on and it's
beautiful to see ladies and gentlemen
we're going to make America great again
better than ever before I love you I
love you thank you thank you thank you

thank you very much so nice so amazing
so it it is so great to be with you
tonight and this was a little tough
weather so a couple of hours ago they
said mr. job by the way I Love You More
Love You couple of hours ago they're
saying I'm sorry sir you gonna have to
cancel your trip to you imagine
they said it's going to be too tough and
to top the flying is dangerous it's
really it's not exactly nice outside
right I said I can do that now i cant to
identify it was marginal I have got here
so you know in as you probably heard in
california they're having a tremendous
problem right now
killed as of now and I guess there's one
that's on the loose or they're having a
fight this is when we appreciate our
grade beliefs and our law enforcement
they don't get enough credit they should
get it and you're always going to have
some bad apples juicy and television no
matter what business you're in the bank
and everything else but i wanna tell you
they do one hell of a job and when you
see these shoot-outs when you see these
shoot-outs I can tell you one thing I
don't want to do it you don't wanna do
it so we want to thank the police and
law enforcement there and believable and
with that being said I think could we
have a moment of silence lot of people
killed and in honor of those victims
generally let's have a moment of silence
okay thank you thank you
so we have some really special people
here the most powerful people there are
black pastors you've been hearing a lot
about it and we had some incredible
times over the last few days and we've
had great support it wasn't covered
properly never does
they are so designed as they
but you probably read where large I'm I
don't even know the number but a large
group of black passes came to see me in
New York and then add it was really
great and one of them was doctor and
Pastor Steve parson and she put together
a group of endorsers all endorsers and I
said well you're endorsing me I'm
bringing you up for a couple of seconds
I'm gonna say I don't know if these
people want to be preached to tonight we
want to hear about other things to Steve
you know can take over the whole nine
not just you know that's ok but he's a
great guy he was in New York with the
others and I just used in all over
television over the last couple of days
and he is a beautiful guy so Steve come
on up with your friends come on up
black ministers in India we have one
token brother over there but I will say
this dead people ask me why you endorse
and download from my opinion he's the
best and only one that can be hillary
Clinton st
we got a win and one thing about damage
up is easy winner
to he knows how to create wealth can I
get a man and as a black minister of
estate in the inner city and I tell you
we need jobs we need employment we need
businesses and I tell you who better to
help us help ourselves into a person he
believed that this is a movement a
movement and I believe that we're in a
situation now where this country called
america is going to come back and be
made great again in iraq has a wealth
transfer of wealth and move it okay and
then I'll tell you one thing mr Sharp is
going to make this military strong again
to take anybody's mess
sometimes cities and can be pretty tough
can be pretty tough it can also be
rewarding and they get great rewards
thank you very much and thank you still
got a lot going on in this country and
tweeted I'm on my way to manassas I'm on
my way and here I go and precise said
we're going to Virginia than with the
juices you look at what's happening with
our country and I said you know what you
have sign considering we don't have good
subject matter and we have really bad
subject matter we don't want anymore we
don't win we never win we don't win with
the military we don't win with trade we
don't win with deals any kind of deals I
look at that are randall it's one of the
worst things I've ever seen
think they've already violated the deal
you know that I don't know if you have
you her they've already violated the
deal the ink isn't even dry ok it's not
even dry and they violated to deal so we
don't do it anymore you you look at
surprises race wise guy over here she
says surprised you're right who said
that sick and I want a very good
very good so we're going to start
winning and big gonna win gonna win
we're gonna get rid of Obamacare which
is a disaster people involved with the
whole Obama thing and the democrats
several problems over it because you
know they voted and it was a fraudulent
vote let's face it cuz obama lied to
your senators and congressmen who happen
to be democrats Obama line 28 times he
said keep the doctor keep you plan to
keep your everything everything is great
is gonna be and then these guys got
stuck with it and now they have to
defend him and that I could be able to
defend it and what did it go into a
niggling but we have a plan to sell much
better so much cheaper you look at
what's happening with deductibles on
Obamacare and it's out of control
you don't use it if you get hit by a
tractor maybe you'll get a couple of
bucks premiums have gone up 35 45 and 55
percent and just the other day and a lot
of very good newspaper strictly and even
in the bed once and there are plenty of
these guys so dishonesty
such dishonesty with the the mainstream
media I will tell you such total
dishonest but if you look at the if you
look at over the last few days you
seeing a lot of stories that Obamacare
is collapsing of its own way and and in
2017 unfortunately you know it's gonna
go now so that he has to straighten out
but he's not going to straighten up
correctly
correct his a guy we've got ice and
others that want to destroy us and he's
worried about global warming and and he
believes this and he believes God global
warming he comes out all the time
biggest problem is global warming and I
say is this real
are we living in the world you have
people that want to blow up our cities
wanna kill all of our people cutting off
heads like no tomorrow in the Middle
East and bar were doing everything did
drowning people in cages we haven't seen
anything like this since medieval times
medieval times and read a chapter heads
until you know you you just over the
last couple of years
ad and it's true
who ever heard of this this is a vicious
group of animals and we've got to stop
them and we're going to stop them so
strong and so fast so strong now one of
the things I want to tell you this
because a lot of you have heard mistaken
you seen it was covered in live
television they get ratings I as they
get ready to make a fortune and I can't
stand them and they can't stand me
they're always lying and not telling the
truth but they always put me in a live
televised nobody else those on the Left
television these other guys running for
office a forcible they don't have crowds
like this
believe me they have
because he has like 59 people still he
stands up be such thinking everybody
falls asleep we can make a lot of money
with him and the other ones if they have
a hundred people it's a lot every every
place we have thousands and thousands
this was all a restricted by the size of
the room and we have talent stacked and
the fire marshal I love with the fire
marshal what he was so good to have a
lot of people standing outside coming in
the back right you're right man so but
great people here
great great people but we are going to
just something that's a special because
you know it was just mentioned movement
what do you think the movement of said
it's a moment I didn't I never told him
that he might have listened cos I used
the expression sometimes but this is a
movement I go to dallas where the
mavericks plane had like the Mavericks
good players and the owner Mark Mark
Cuban has been great he's been great to
see you know I have to tell you he said
you want to use it use it and I was like
on a Thursday I said when said Monday I
said how many seats you have like twenty
thousand we filled up in a day and a
half
we had we had time left over we had
twenty thousand and Dallas we had twenty
thousand and Oklahoma 35,000 people in
Mobile Alabama and everywhere we go and
and I mean literally we go up to new
hampshire we have crowds are many many
many times the size of anyone else
nobody has even close Thank You Man
thank you man had school and I like that
and it looks better without with that
sort of ok had a hair wigs and I
wouldn't say the greatest ever seen but
it's acceptable hey hasn't hurt him and
me and say thank you very much not just
an honor to be here but would it be so
proud so I started this whole thing as
you know in June and takes courage to
run for president
never done this before and I've
self-funding my own campaign all these
other guys like blood
disgrace they totally control again and
I could add a pack you know bush raised
a hundred and twenty-five million
dollars and he's dying in the balls
rubia I I won't say it was so far a
couple of him I like but that'll end
because they all have to go through me
as crews example crews been great to be
a great point he's gonna have to say I
get to attack him because otherwise I'm
gonna come in second place in third
place of something so they've all got to
attack and I love it when they take you
so far everyone that's attacked me his
gun thing go right down they've got down
big league I shouldn't say this in front
of the best since brazil say that's not
nice is that ok so like winning I mean
it's all about winning it's really about
make America great again that's when I
today I read a big big card at home that
everyone's afraid to fight me because
you know you look at very very nice man
from Texas right Governor Perry and he
was so nice to me and all of a sudden
one day ahead in the sense that he was
vicious and violent went to Washington
made his speech the whole speech was
about me for like a half an hour and I
had to attack him and I attacked very
viciously and I feel guilty not really I
attacked you remember on the glasses and
attacked him on the IQ okay and then you
have a guy like Lindsey Graham his a
sitting senator and you go to South
captured by the way his plan I know so
much more than he does his plan is so
bad it so it's just remember that in the
american wages I read that book in 2000
I wrote about Osama bin Laden we gotta
take him out you gotta know where to use
your power and I said and I don't know
how many people show up in a couple of
the announcers in the morning they said
what was it 2000 so I had Osama bin
Laden and the reason is I watching I
listened and there's a big mouth who is
very tall and I said wait a minute let
me ask you I hear some friends
his friends friends you know they don't
think they do you know we want to be a
unifier and we have to be a unifier we
have to be funny thing is I do a great
job with things and they will be a big
beneficiary but maybe they just don't
understand it yet maybe maybe the police
could move them away so we can all hear
ourselves George we have to have to
there we have to thank you thank you
thank you
please sometimes and then please be
gentle and then they say he is too soft
you can't win if you could remove them
as soon as possible
police out there I think after the bill
after the build up my game I think they
gonna do a great job
yeah we have to move them thank you
thank you very much pouring in through
them that coming in and and you know the
saddest part you have a few people that
thousands of people here and the media
the headlines tomorrow will be protests
right you know what we have and I say I
saying in a sense strongly I used to use
the term silent majority and determine
use over the years and it really is
people that have been abused and we have
a majority but we don't know we have
enjoyed it but it's not a silent
majority is really become a noisy
majority
it's the noise you majority and that's
okay that's okay because we have to be
we have to be heard now folks because
our country is going to hell we have a
president who's incompetent I'll tell
you what this guy is grossly incompetent
when I watch him taking all of this time
and you know what I want clean air I
want clean water I wanted to be a match
and I want to be sparkling I want to be
great I want so many environmental
awards over the United develop a good
I'm really a great development time a
politician I meant he environmental
awards and I'm proud of them I think
it's a great thing but it's got it's
gotten out of control and this whole
global warming thing you know they
change and global warming climate change
extreme weather the reason is it's never
sort of work in the extreme weather once
about that's that's right you know you
see I remember during the winter we had
sort of a bad storm and they said oh wow
this is global warming global warming
and it's unbelievable in the snow was
all over the place and they said we
haven't had a stone out this was tired D
number one snowstorm was in 1889 which
blew everything out the window we're
gonna have you know like this like this
and we do want we want clean air and we
want clean water and other but it's
gotten to a point people are making a
fortune off this stuff and our
businesses are being hurt our
manufacturers can compete giant is over
there right now laughing like hell and
Barack Obama because we're stopping our
plans from functioning and make it so
expensive and not any better solution
was so we're stopping our plans we're
doing all of this damaged China's
agreeing to do things in May
years from now and they'll violate the
agreement hundred-percent because they
always do just like a rand was just like
everybody does well like the dummies
like that just the dummies I we used to
be so proud that we feel so stupid will
let by stupid people and we can happen
and we can happen any time believed by
the way what I'm going to do is to take
some questions in awhile you not to me
it was brutal to get here today I might
as well stick around for a while so so
what was thinking about it in another
few minutes to talk a little bit about
what we have and I want to take some
questions because I always thought I
love it I love taking questions even if
they're vicious horrible violent
questions will take them anyway one
thing you know with Hillary she doesn't
have the strength of the stamina to be
president she doesn't happen and I know
I know I can look yesterday was a
businessman one of the magazine cinema
world class business been great I'm a
great kisser I paid a fortune and I want
to put that same thinking for the
country all 19 trillion dollars it's
gonna be 21 trillion dollars very soon
you see this ridiculous budget that was
just passed like they passed it
immediately
nobody's fights I always say I know
where the democrats are coming from but
the republicans in a way a more
disappointing because they go you elect
him and you know what happens and let
you add in Virginia where the greatest
upsets in full time and he deserved to
be upset by the way you know he's back
in bush that was the end of push can you
believe that but it was one of the
greatest up since I think it never
happened before and you were so I mean
you know what happens is they say we are
going to end Obama we are gonna make our
military strong we're going to take our
pet sit within a makeup veg so happy
everything's gonna be great while Bob
Hall words you know it's all talk no
action politicians right and you love
her
and your own forum and they win their
election and they go to Washington I
always say it and there with their wife
or husband and they say look look Mary
we finally made it look at the beautiful
look at the beautiful columns look at
this this is like they go into the
capital million they say this is this is
now they have a vote on Obamacare vote
on camera but I don't want to leave this
place is beautiful
don't they let us down they left I
promise you one thing if I win you say
when we're not always but I have to say
look I am against fifty guys it was 17
and was 17 hours 15 at its drying up
then she know you guys with zero and
they continue to go along time we cannot
be good for them I mean you guys like
pataki
get elected dog catcher you have guys
obviously you have guys that can't even
if you think about it can't even the
kick it one percent they can't get
anything they actually had one of them
down with a zero and an arrow pointing
left nothing less than zero was on
television I think that's a
typographical error of some kind of less
than zero but it's like that's what it
is and some of them didn't even register
in upcoming stage and now they've missed
at times right they've missed at times
and I was told that this ten times well
if God is willing to put up money
because he knows he's not gonna win or
you can't get enough signatures to
register in a Virginia or South Carolina
or New Hampshire or wherever it may be
but numbers of them haven't registered
why do we allow them to debate
if somebody gives up to say to Virginia
or somebody gives up the state of South
Carolina because you know they're pretty
hard to get on the ballot they are by
the way I'm already on the ballot I
gotta thank you thank you just saying we
helped you know we had so many many
times the number of signatures we needed
a lot and we did it so quickly who did
it you did it right here stand up and
take a pass but thank you honey I'm
really great job I know that if somebody
doesn't get on the ballot and they can't
get on at the same time limit so that
means they gave up you know I'm major
state self plez why would you let them
on the debate stage to waste everybody's
time and they're already at zero or one
or two why would you allow him to be on
the debate stage is saw unfair shake
what are we doing and you don't have
time to talk mister drop the war in the
Middle East in 30 seconds sir what would
you do and you know it's funny on the
debates and i dont have you seen this
but I think almost or just about every
single poll where they do the online
polls after the bay drugs was an amazing
guy buthelezi ever met trudge trudge
he's an amazing guy but dredge time
magazine slate every one of these groups
and doing things online polls are like
six or seven everyday I've won every
single pole in every single debate and
I'm really happy
now I'll tell you can become a big story
so the other day I said I i don't want
to bring in my ok so let's say they
would have had a couple of million
people watching the first debate right
and it used to be that these debates
nobody even wanted to the television on
the road ahead I think they forced them
down their throat you have to take the
debate on what they can you license so
the first debate was by Fox and they had
24 million people actually more than
that after the final numbers but 24
million people which was about the
largest in the history of cable
television right
the next line was CNN within 23 million
people now think of this
CNN's coverage I'm pretty big events
like lures and other things right in the
history of CNN it was the highest-rated
show them and they made it three hours
which I shouldn't I could stand up I
could do this for 20 hours they wouldn't
matter but nobody wants to watch this
stuff than three hours especially when
ninety percent of the people I know
they're not doing the doing and I don't
even know why they're doing but nobody
wants so that wasn't here and then we
went to CNBC where john harwood what an
idiot you know how bad it's not even a
person and I have to tell you for four
weeks before that he was so nice to me
wonderful you know mister drop your
grade and then he comes out with a
question here is it mister truck and you
know it is going to start off the day
but they wanted three hours because
advertising sells the so much now that
they make a fortune and i said im not
gonna lie
and everyone said these people never be
able to stop him and I said yes I
stopped I think it took they what do you
think about three minutes I'm not going
and I have to tell you Carson said he'll
go along with it so that was very nice
then carson had he said that I have to
give credit where credit is due
as I've been a little bit rough on him
but I have to give credit when he came
along and he said I would go along and
just so I went and I said the two of us
and they sold it like an umbrella it
took 20 minutes so now my big thing is
they also get Mexico to pay for the wall
trying trying to build
it's going to be a great you know in
China they built the Great Wall of China
2013 thousand miles long ok this is all
right in our case we need really a
thousand miles its 2,000 miles but
someone's natural borders now job areas
which are pretty good but you know what
that use it right so what about a
thousand miles and so we're 2013
thousand this was two thousand years ago
they didn't have trucks they did have
tractors they did it the old-fashioned
way right and they got it done and it is
a big wall so what we have is to build a
wall and we're gonna stop people from
coming into our country illegally
and if people wanna come in legally we
want them to come in that to go through
the process had a people wanted to come
in now when I first mentioned his all of
the other candidates again we started
with 17 now down to fifty but they gonna
start falling like flies you watch at
some point to leave I mean we got this
one guy he's terrible is the worst I've
ever seen
know the guy is the worst debater he's a
professional politician he can't think
properly he's terrible terrible we have
again I told you so they do a poll and I
mean I'm like how do you beat the
senator in Florida so in florida you
have told you have a governor and you
have a sitting senator who by the way it
doesn't vote he is involved how would
you like to be in sauna and you invested
a young guy you invested him you take
him too hard and that's a great position
right United States he's in there for
about 20 seconds why why but how would
you like to have a guy who just now
you've put in a lot of time and effort
but if a man says he's gonna be a
senator and then he goes around
campaigning and fundraising he was
yesterday Homeland Security very
important meeting in Washington he chose
to go to a fundraiser in california now
I don't know that i'm gonna win for sure
but I am killing them in Florida and I
think I have the ultimate sound find a
guy first of all Rubio is very very weak
on illegal immigration and so you can
when bush just to put an end to that
energy but we don't need low-energy
people
we can't afford them hilary is she
doesn't have the strength she does that
the stamina but she'll do it and then
won't show up like 45 sleeps like this
and and it's actually not we should be
laughing we should be crying because she
is by far the front-runner I mean this
other guy who gave it up when he said no
emails bernie bernie he gave it up I
think he just had a hernia operation you
know he was carrying around the tax code
that he wants to make larger
I actually just now he just had a hernia
operation but he's got no chance he took
hillary and he gave her the election and
is getting the second largest crowds I'm
out by the way my grades blow everyone
away I wasn't I was in Sarasota Florida
and what a great place and we have
had a time limit is twelve o'clock
football games everything we had twelve
thousand people and i dont i dont have
it say how many people I let the
government says now because we have an
amazing secret service people have
amazing people that work here I let them
say because every time I say it if I'm
off by three people who make like
headlines and create 12,000 people
nobody nobody but when Bernie Sanders
would have a group of five thousand
people I get much bigger things than he
does now in the meantime has been going
down the tubes went to talk about it
much anymore but the just hillary
shouldn't be allowed to run because what
she did is illegal
I wanted to run I wanted to run and by
the way the foxhole just came out I beat
her easily in the box below
you know I can't believe I had this
whole thing and I never mentioned post
and I could use and then everybody in
the press and my opponents he always
talks about polls you know why because
I'm winning all of them if I would
honestly think about it one of the major
mainstream as me that's a long ago why
do you always talk about balls and I
didn't I never thought of a question I
said I don't know because of winning I'm
winning every poll it's good to talk
about him I don't know what the hell
knows what they mean I think they mean
something right it is not a strange you
know the interview 392 people and they
say with certainty that your plus or
minus 3 an amazing thing I studied at
Wharton I guess it works but then when
you have many many many her number one
in every single line and number one in
every single and number one i mean you
look i number one new hampshire number
one South Carolina and big margin ya
gotta really work hard to catch me in
new hampshire let me tell you and the
people and I hate people and then you go
down south carolina tremendous every and
then we go to nevada tremendous and in
Nevada I win the Hispanic vote ok they
do and I've always said I'm gonna win
this
because I'm gonna bring jobs back im
bringing jobs back im bringing back from
China and I'm bringing back from Japan
and I'm bringing back from Mexico and
I'm bringing back from vietnam every
place we don't have jobs again we're
going to have jobs the number one and
probably get it tonight so I can maybe
just avoid this question but I guess I
go around I see a lot of different
places I use a lot of college auditorium
saddam because the crowd sizes and a lot
of students come up Mr Trump what can
you do to help us which and the biggest
thing their children with a den go two
years or four years to college and
they're good good colleges and they
can't get a job it's one of the most
heart wrenching questions again and you
see this and they're borrowing money
from and to enlarge the federal
government with the only thing it's just
about the only thing the federal
government makes money with this should
be making money with what we're gonna do
something with it and you know I don't
know what's going on with the colleges
but those colleges that going up like to
skyrocket you know things are sort of
even though it is going up at the
college is so somebody's doing something
wrong with it and one of the region's
ecology is because the federal
government pays for the students but the
students can afford to pay that much and
we gotta look a little bit into the
college is why are they going up more
than anything else they must be making a
fortune
let's buy a college or by acknowledged
up I don't buy but but there is
something going on but one of the
saddest things is when you see these the
worst is really good and I feel so badly
for him but it gives me because I'm
gonna create the jobs they can't get
jobs and with it
change that around when they go and they
do a good job especially really hard to
be good stewards and then they can't
they come out they come out and they
can't find anything they don't know what
to do and then they own money to the
federal government and everybody else
and they've done everything they can to
get through college with you know we
need to start winning in this country
and within a start helping them out we
gotta help them you know I always talk
about the bets and everybody does have a
great debt plan nobody treated worse
than the Mets illegal immigrants are
treated better than events I'm telling
treated better than our heads and that's
gonna end within a treat our hats within
a cheetah and I plan couple of weeks ago
I was on a great great shape and we went
it was an amazing day on the Wisconsin
and we put on the battleship is that
looks like an author I love renovating
you know I love buying a building the
foundations of the structures there the
outside is there have to replace windows
sometimes if you can give them to keep
him like I'm doing the old post office
in Washington Way has one of the most
beautiful buildings in Washington was a
disaster thirty years but it out to bid
think of it in the Obama administration
deal-maker one of the most sought-after
properties in the history of the
government services you know GSA and
we're now under budget and ahead of
schedule
think of that that's what you want in
the country that's what you want then
the country has got to be one of the
best hotels anywhere in the world the
Trump International
somebody said well we have to keep the
name that government they were saying we
have to keep the name but I will tell
you and I've dealt with the GSA and
they're really terrific people that you
really have some great people in
government you really do if we can be
led properly this country is going to go
to a level that you won't even believe
I've been saying over the last two
months have met so many people like
yourselves and it's really similar this
so much love in the room but I've met so
many people and i've seen the genius of
these people and I've been saying in my
opinion I really think we have the
potential to add greater than ever
before I really believe that will make
it great and will build it up and we'll
make enrich again here's somebody a
woman came up to me said mr. truck
crashed to say Richard
a debtor nation right now she said I'm
voting for you I love you I love you but
please don't say we're gonna make
enrichment to jump it stresses that I
have to say we're not going to cut
medicare you know Carson wants to cut
medicare he wants to get rid of medicare
C you know that's actually a program
that works claim now you have waste
fraud abuse in social security and
medicare will take care of that problem
with paying into your plans now that
coming up to you it's getting to be that
time
me I don't want to say ok we're gonna
needed and i think is unfair after all
these years they want to cut you
Governor Christie wants to wants to
raise the age
age so they have to wait another you
know pretty extended period of time it's
not fair you've been used money back
from all these countries that have been
just absolutely so I said to the woman
said you know what maybe Chris but I
have no choice but to be so rich and
whether what we're going to do I get
talking about tremendous fun stuff again
when a China when you have imbalances of
400 450 billion two hundred and fifty
million wouldn't be good right about 450
billion a year a year and then they say
I am a free-trader I believe in region
but has to be true we can be stupid
people right so Trump is in a free trade
he's not as terrible said no no I'm a
free-trader
14 years we have a trade imbalance with
China over 400 billion every year that's
called dumb trade that's not that we
have to pee and then the head of China
comes and poor Obama so since he greets
him where the state in assets and he
talks about our partner well I want to
be a partner to I can be a partner we're
making $250 and the guy and China he had
been good looking guy strong as hell in
a different system over there that's
like one of these systems pounding each
other and stuff as far as guy gets up to
the top
we don't do that over here that's a
system that I don't have you know how it
went from the time they're in
kindergarten the smartest toughest
smartest that by the time they get up to
that little point that guy he's so he's
looking and talking about this wonderful
relationship we had
he's building island's military islands
in the South China Sea I don't think he
got an environmental impact statement do
you think they went out and said all we
have to do our environmental impact said
no they just thought about 300 X
commanders out there and they started
digging that ocean and dropping thats
and now and by the way I heard this the
other day and I do still things I've
been saying bob the oil and gas now I
did want to go into Iraq I should get
credits the vision and a more
militaristic than anybody other than him
anybody in this room know this guy looks
like this seriously but I'm more
military said that anybody in this room
but I want to build that military says
Trump what I've been saying don't go
into Iraq and it two thousand and three
or four a delegation came from the white
house cuz I get a lot of publicity for
whatever then I do the apprentice that
was a huge hit by the way they wanted to
extend me they came in ahead of an
incredible guy came to my office with
executives from NBC and they wanted to
run for president he said no no no we
want to thank you
nobody nobody would be season 15 and 16
I mean you know it's been a great head
and I said no and I just held my breath
you know the famous escalator seeing I
held my breath I said to my wife are you
sure I want to be doing this and I said
let's go and we went down that escalator
had withstood the press the press I mean
even now look look at tonight it's it's
so many cameras the other a look at all
those red lights every word everywhere
everywhere but you know it's an amazing
things I said to my wife come on let's
go and she waved and I'm waving and then
I went up and talked about illegal
immigration and little did I know I was
hitting a nerve that was so incredible
made that speech and I talk about what's
happened to that you had Jameel killed
which uses a wonderful man you saw his
father probably over the last couple of
days until they just shot for no reason
whatsoever
shot and then you seek in San Francisco
shot by an illegal and you see all of
the tremendous growth and all of a
sudden people rush limbaugh said
nobody's ever taken more in coming to
drop this is gonna be like this I don't
last for a year and a half I never heard
that term with respect to the press said
the PR incoming like that and then has a
news conference in the doubles down and
he said I'm right about somebody else
it's because I know how it works we
ought to be slightly gotta be somebody
else when I got up and other people have
said I'd like to apologize for any way I
can apologize to the people for them he
can't do that when you're right but i
said i myself at this level of intensity
there is no way any human being can make
it for a year but all of a sudden people
so I was right and if I didn't bring
that up and invited to take all of that
unbelievable harsh and unfair punishment
from the mainstream media I'll tell you
what we wouldn't be talking about
illegal immigration we wouldn't be
talking about the crime and don't kid
yourself I don't mention that that often
because I'm really good at this stuff
but the jobs are being taken away from
people that are in our country
tremendous numbers of jobs so we need to
change that whole system it's gonna be
changed
remember this you know you have to get
points revision when you elect somebody
I think I have everybody in this room
I'm pretty sure that everybody thinks
I've been places and they say well there
there because he's a great entertainer
I'm not here to entertain folks I'm not
an entertainer I'm not a lot of the you
know I like the people in the room are
there because he is a wonderful show in
a wonderful entertainer and that's not
the reason we're here to please don't
waste my time with the entertainment
stuff I'm not an entertainer believe me
I'm somebody that knows how to get
things done I'm a guy that's won all my
life whether it's the apprentice or
business or whether it's the art of the
deal what are the most incredible one of
the biggest selling business books of
all time I think the biggest but I want
to say one of the
Kilda by saying the but I think it is
the biggest selling business books we
gotta win we can win together one of the
things I've been saying right take you
take do you think we should have been
there
Iraq Iran fighting fighting fighting
they love to fight we want to rebuild
our country right site we build a gas
station did you see the gas station
43 million dollars and then it didn't
work
ok ok I get every $1 in this country we
don't have any money if we want to build
a school children we don't have any
money if we want to fix up our roads and
our bridges are falling down in China
the building bridges all over the place
ok so I said take the oil and keeping we
should never been in Iraq but take the L
because if you don't we've spent two
trillion dollars
thousands of lives the wounded warriors
and we give some of that oil to the
families of the people that have lost
their chance and we give money to
wounded warriors are the most incredible
of all people I deal with the time I
deal with him and I see him and they had
the biggest smile and they may be
missing their legs they may be missing
and are they may be worse than that and
their their strength is I think to me
the strongest of all I've never said
they liked it but the problem is so we
go into Iraq at least two trillion
thousands of lines wounded warriors got
nothing
nothing we don't have anything whatever
happened to the victim belongs the
spoils in the old days when we were
smart and strong which were not anymore
with stupid people will stop it was
being led by stupid people and we're
stupid because we allow these people
they get into office how does it happen
and I'll tell you the few people that
are demonstrating that will end up
getting a much bigger but that's ok but
the few people if they were standing in
most of those people become converted
they agree with me they agree with
because let's not do agree with what am
i said im sayin common sense I'm saying
a little business i'm saying a lot of
heart because I want to take care of
people that can you know they're going
to be people that can't afford anything
you can't let them republicans you can't
let them die in this he says he wants to
help people they don't have any money
but we have to let them die and it's not
so we'll be able to do it but we'll get
great plans and everything else but if
you think of it what am i doing I'm
saying why I liberals or why are
democrats opposed I don't think they are
I really don't know there's some bad
people into doesn't matter but I don't
think they are very interesting Lee one
of the poll said more people if I win
and Hillary wins they say more people
will come to the polls in the history of
the country just like if you think of it
just like the 24 and the 23 million
people set the record they said and it
just came out CNBC that is good and they
say the people that come to vote for
truck they also check it out and I'll
tell you the other thing yet gotta be
tough on the border and some of the
Hispanic baby won't like it but they
left me because
and the one cent a year thank you aware
that sign off here at ICICI great ideas
does make America great again and you
know the african-american vote so
appalled came out recently came out
recently
truck gets 25% of the african vote for
Republican thats
and one of these commentators who's like
devastated because Republican would
normally get five or six percent what do
you think Steve like five or six percent
to have a poll that said I mean I don't
think these past years ago to be
standing up with too many other
candidates you agree with that I don't
think so I have a 25% of the African
Americans want run and one of these
commentators say hey by the way they
hate them winning they have such a hard
time with the polls have been the one
just came out the Quinnipiac poll right
and I'm telling everybody and I'll tell
you
crews and repeat in second place and
they said
tired and they said Romeo and Cruz at
all what about me and I went up a lot I
went up as much more high and I'm
feeling like a lot and they talked about
they did it while Trump is winning the
other people are doing very nicely so
when driving the median nuts
and they're very design is a 70% but
seventy percent are really designed as
what's going to happen is and what did
happen so they mentioned the 25% and one
of these talking heads said you know if
dropped gets 25% of the african-american
vote this election is over he wins and
why wouldn't I think what has he done
what does he think of this and then
we're gonna do russians Obama Obama
African American Hughes 51 percent
unemployment ride your guys our age they
have an employment that's double and
triple what are the people have what the
hell is he done for the
african-americans he's done nothing he's
done nothing I don't think he cares
about him I think he's done nothing it's
all talk at all words with this guy he's
an unbelievable divider I thought he'd
be a great cheerleader for the country
that's one thing I thought I said he'll
unify the country and he's really
divided the country and whether the
unified the country and we're gonna do
amazing whether to set records with the
african-american to come up here that
was such an honor for me tonight
such an honor net and we appreciate so
all of the things that I said and just
to finish before wages have questions if
you were with me two weeks ago I was
much different I was talking about china
all the time and I was talking about
trade and I'm telling you all the best
deals and other companies are all
leaving which drew and then moving to
Ireland and other places and we have two
and a half trillion dollars off so we
can bring it back to our tax laws are so
big and by the way my tax plan I'm
cutting middle income families taxes to
the lowest level that they've been in we
have been destroying our middle class
which built this country and cutting
companies taxes and corporation taxes
and small business taxes down to 15%
right now it's the highest it's ever
been
right now we're number one tax nation
anywhere in the world
anywhere in the world and I bring it
down to the I'm not exactly the lowest
but it will soon I think we can maybe do
that but I'm bringing down to one of the
least tax business nations in the world
so the middle class is gonna be takin
care when we're seriously code so you
don't have to spend your money at H&R
Block and spent a lot of the money the
Jamaican doing is complicated and we're
gonna do some things that are going to
be amazing and we're going to have a
dynamic economy and this country is
going to be rockin and rollin and it's
gonna be something special this country
is going to be something something so
much more special it's already special
at the same but it's gonna be much more
special and is already great but I mean
we're talking about really great and
remember this remember this we have a
great country we have a wonderful
country we love our country but it's
really at the tipping point it's not
going to be there for as much longer
it's not gonna be great much longer it's
a big big trouble we're not going to let
that happen
ok so let's now take some questions come
on give me some good ones come on don't
you have a question
these people did such a good job with my
road they had so many files they had you
know they had what we need like five
thousand signages and you put in for a
five-time how many 16,000 people you
know its size because with the kind of
people I deal with if they find mistakes
so when you have fifteen or sixteen
thousand and you need five they got to
find a lot of his day I thank you very
much so you have a question to ask you a
mega statement you did such an amazing I
need to let you know the citizens of
Virginia and all the Hispanic community
that I represent love you respect you
and are going to vote and support you
thank you very much so nice ok let's go
have a question wherever you want go
ahead
ok a young man come on young guy why
what's going to be made out okay that's
a good question lift him up here bring
him up so come on come on up here come
on
that might be the best question I guess
hardened concrete and is gonna remain at
every bar and CEO you know it's so if
that's what I do
parking plank with a set plank and goes
ninety feet long and how long 19 feet if
you're ninety feet up you don't want to
come down you wanna come down very
gently and they drive trucks over them
and they take trucks with drugs and we
get the drugs and they get the cash not
going to be the trucks driving so it's
going to be made of concrete rebar rebar
steel aggregate to set up a nice heavy
foundations and one of the reasons the
wall wasn't built a lot of people like
the war but they couldn't figure out how
to end this is hard to believe but true
was I right about New Jersey was I right
you should write another one I took such
heat and all of a sudden the last couple
of days reports coming out I get
hundreds of calls and now even some of
the mainstream has been saying it so I'm
very proud of the people would have
taken that abused without saying I'm
sorry there are said to him Paula just
I'm right there's a lot of hatred going
on we need vigilance we need we need
vigilance we can't let this happen they
can't blow up our buildings they can't
cut off our people's heads people's
hands but they can't do it
ok let's have a question thank you mr.
Trump we love your tone on tone
in 1982 when ross perot ran he said
should lightning strike and I get
elected the first hundred we're not
going to weigh 200 days to start doing
something we're gonna do something they
want what you gonna do they want perot
who I haven't known much I know his son
he's a good guy he made a big mistake he
quit then a week later whatever reason I
met anyone who went back it was it was
over but he was you know had a certain
style and he you know I watched I
studied very closely and number one it's
really better to run as a Republican I
will tell you that and i wanna run as a
Republican leading myself before would
you ever run as an independent I just
want to run and win as a Republican with
their clothes with this class will
probably run against the woman who can't
win her whole life has been corrupt it's
been corrupt just not going to win so in
the first hundred days we're gonna knock
the hell out of Obama can sign you know
the great thing about executive orders I
don't have to go back to Congress I
don't have to go back I just sit down
and I will be on signing many maybe not
hold maybe a couple of good ones I doubt
it but we're gonna be on signing a lot
of executive orders especially his order
that basically lets anybody they want
just pour into our country that's good
I'm just gonna start immediately working
on social security
immediately working on medicare so that
we really make it strong
gonna bring we're gonna bring great
things back into this country you gonna
be so proud of me he's got that shirt on
you to be so proud of me thank you for
the question I will be very happy
ok ok well I love Israel and Israel as
our our real strong supporter if you
look at what's going on at and I'll tell
you that I will say it here very soon
I'm going to his the meeting with BB
netanyahu he's a great guy and I
actually commercial during his election
run I i made a commercial I said meaning
I said nice things about him he's a good
man he's worked very hard he has
absolutely no support from President
Obama absolutely not so I will tell you
I am very very very pro ok ok ok how
about the young man and a green shirt
young strong guy go ahead twenty years
old wow did you have any problems or
difficulties I'm very healthy healthy we
have a lot of hats I don't want to mess
around with them right
right okay so I plan on the vets and
people are loving it and as you know
about three months ago on a Wednesday
they announced that in the history of
the veterans administration which is
very corrupt extremely corrupt and yes
I'm great doctors in there by the way
I'm gonna give the good the bad but you
have administrators are a disgrace and
the waiting times and the problems and
people are waiting five days six days in
a waiting room to get in and in the
history of three months ago was the
longest wait in the history of the VA
that's all sir and I put in a plan
that's much more complex than this but
basically we have doctors that are doing
well because of Obamacare we have a lot
of people that aren't too I have a
friend who's a doctor is gonna be
quitting these gonna be like you is
going to retire out that the young age
but he's gonna be retired and he said I
have more accountants and have
complicated it's a horrible the
paperwork is so terrible I don't feel
like I'm a doctor anymore so we have
doctors that have plenty of open time we
have private and public hospitals all
over the place that are doing well and
when they left us veteran said his
standing in line and dying by the way
you saw the numbers people die waiting
to see a doctor that dying hundreds if I
couldn't believe it
the numbers are incredible you know
you'd think 12 but the numbers are
incredible
thousands of men and women waiting for a
doctor may be a simple procedure may be
a pill they end up dying so we're not
going to have to anymore that that's
remember there are greatest people there
are greatest people I wouldn't be here
most of these people would be here so
while it's true
it's true it's true so you not have that
what do you do now what do you do
ok one second so you ask hospitals
across the street doctors right you
gonna get out of there you can see the
doctor say the hospital we're gonna pay
for the bill it's much cheaper and
everyone's gonna be happy it's so much
cheap so with that he used that hospital
that's looking for some business could
be private could be public within two
years doctors that are looking for
business to pay the bill is gonna go
quickly and believe it or not it's going
to be much much cheaper than what we're
doing right now and what we're doing
right now is insulting ok ok I had your
designer I didn't think you were that
you don't look like I'm so that
americans americans love winners and
thank you
thank you thank you darling its own eyes
China I'd like to see more made in
american apparel
get up get out get up so so nice what a
nice question but you know what what she
said is so important to remember the old
days when some of us were young and some
of us weren't even born when talking
about but we have a sick are made in the
USA that meant wild ride out of it said
made in Japan it was like damn good it
was it was terrible now if you don't
have it anymore we had those stickers
made in the USA and that meant super
super quality I just wanna come on over
believe me if I did like the question
she was so nice gotta work to get up
here I'll tell you a secret service
number one all of a sudden protection
nobody can get a look at this
my name is alert and I think he will
definitely make a beautiful angry and I
think guys the fashion world that and so
I'm living overseas for a while but I
would I love you wearing made in America
and it's a great question because
honestly you don't see it anymore you
don't see it anymore we're gonna be so
proud to have that sticker and let's
remember that question that's a very
important question
statement made in the USA was so
important and was such a sign of quality
make that much anymore like it was high
I go to Los Angeles recently I saw ships
the biggest ships you have a scene with
cars coming in from Japan pouring out
there we send them practically nothing
it's a one-sided deal we can't have them
and speaking of USA when was the last
time you saw it
Chevrolet in the middle of Tokyo I'll
bet you did have one right we make good
cars would make great course and now
especially with doing it's gotta be fair
ok let's have a good question about this
guy over here with a good head here this
guy ok this is a question I love you
thank you this is a question for
president which is here how are you
going to deal with president ok
cannot stand Obama like a lot of people
when I was a kid I recently I was on
sixty minutes they interviewed potent
separately they interviewed me got very
high ratings I feel he's my stablemate
alright and I said this couple of months
ago when he started by our country has
as we don't even know who were fighting
we want to find a bad guy but we want to
find a site for rebels and we don't even
know now 35 his side were fighting
russia where fighting other countries
namely end up in world was ruled out
knows what happens right but as such but
the rebels could be I says we have no
idea general told me we have no idea
what we want to give them
and what's gonna happen let's say they
take over Syria tell we don't know
what's good is gonna be turmoil we've
gotta fight ices and I'd love that
Russia is dropping bombs all over eyes I
love it I love ok I mean we have a
president notified how about this two
weeks ago fifty men and maybe when I
don't know
5050 ran over to Syria Iraq I don't
think even those with ago now I just
have to talk what does he have to say
why does he have to stand up and say
we're sending those people have a tard
these are our finest these are our
greatest soldiers right why why do we
have to have to open is now ok now we
just announced yet another small group
over today or yesterday they just
announced we are sending more so these
guys gonna do it doing ok but the
numbers don't even think it's a good PR
move frankly but we're sending men over
to fight the enemy is not stupid they
are not and they are not contained they
are looking for these men and women they
are looking for what the hell does he
have to say you know I used the word
unpredictable we don't have any
unpredictability has a more general
macarthur he wouldn't talk General
George Patton first of all he won't even
be that guy who use foul language but he
was drunk
you couldn't be a general general he was
still crowd he was he was a genius but
he couldn't be a general and i watch on
television I don't want my generals on
television I don't want the enemy
watching one little word so I did a deal
recently was interesting and it was a
great success and they called up my
opponent has he told a reporter Mr Trump
was really tough but we have no
unpredictability we have to get smart
and we're gonna get smart one of one of
the things I have to say but wait one
second though one of the things that
you're gonna say when you leave this
thing that's happening here and in time
that really was important because
together because we talked about this if
Romney could have inspired he failed he
sailed cuz became couldn't have won the
first time because it was such a mess
but should have been an easy victory and
Obama was on about Obama he was on
Letterman he was on Leno whose all over
the place ok well we don't think every
night he was on every show and from the
us if the people in this room who didn't
have all of the other people but if they
had the incentive to get up and go but
they weren't they weren't but we have to
remember then and I think hopefully I
look at the biggest crowds and we have
to remember that ok just something
that's really not so I always liked him
and i know i kno right and I like
Hillary I don't go to sleep I think
about things like hillary goes to sleep
and then you don't see her for five days
and she wakes up and she comes another
vet and Elton John and I love them lol
general you always want to finish with
him and when they do the eye and then
they say they gotta do once the problem
I have is my pastor wants
how can I turn will you do me a favor
passed away you make it a nice question
so I don't leave here in a loan
yeah yeah yeah address this issue either
last night no matter more people with
black on black crime right
tremendous problem in philadelphia over
300 was shot dead by black people
yeah that's my question so true so true
my question is will you dress the black
community
well what we're going to do the crime in
the black community and crime in our
schools I would I went to the
Philadelphia well he is a highly
respected great man in Philadelphia and
the answer is yes yes
I love him ladies and gentlemen I want
to thank you you are spectacular people
doing the easy getting this much loved
in this room we are going to make
America great again better than ever
before I love you I love you thank you

we had a hotel and we're gonna have
about 250 or 300 people and the hotel
was great they called they said
something's happening here we can hold
this is crazy what's going on and then
we went to the convention center and
they can have 10,000 people and we're
all set and we're excited and the next
day they said too many people we can put
them in so we came here
today if you notice we have a stock
market that doing so well we have a
country not doing so well we've been
saying it for a long time we have
politicians other than the few
politicians that are with us and I will
exclude them but we have politicians it
don't have a clue they're all talk and
no action what's happening to this
country's disgrace
running for president I brought up I
brought up the subject of illegal
immigration I took a lot of heat that I
can tell you rush limbaugh sorry said
incoming he got more incoming that
anybody out there to see and two weeks
later everybody was apologizing to me
they saw that I was right between what
happened in San Francisco to do
incredible Kate and her family is such
an incredible family and Jeremy Lin so
many people have been so badly hurt the
other day in California last week a
woman sixty-six years older veteran was
killed raped sodomized tortured and
killed by an illegal immigrant we have
to do it we have to do something we have
to do
the weather is it is dicey that ok but
who cares if it rains right
take off my how do not approve
once and for all that is mine ok so so
we're gonna talk about a lot of
different subjects in and you know it's
nice Friday night like that right
watch that much better
that's what we have here i mean the
people that got the right people so
we'll start with the little talk on the
illegal immigration what's going on
got to stop it we're going to build a
wall and it's going to be you know it's
amazing the politicians 10 years ago
fifteen years ago they all wanted a wall
but it never went it never happened
because somebody didn't wanna probably a
lobbyist you know all these guys like
bush and like hillary clinton they're
all taken care of
I don't know you know
hillary has sixty million dollars and
win jeb bush when Jeff Bush is totally
in favor of Common Core week on
immigration like every week on
immigration want to let people come in
although now he's using anchor baby you
know he put out a memo you cannot use a
baby now because I used it he's using it
politicians but when they have in his
case a hundred and fourteen million
dollars in hillary's case she's got
sixty no I don't know that she's gonna
make it to the gate what do you think
you know General Petraeus over less and
nothing seems to be happening so it will
be very interesting to see what happens
ultimately we have right now and I just
got these numbers today what are the
seven percent of all of the country are
illegal and they supposed to turn out to
be right the 14th amendment
I just got an amazing we start a website
as a bonus
while I'm a non-politician the other day
serb jury duty we used to put those
politician but I will say this we have a
great politician here we have them here
really hope that he's the one person I
saw his counsel because he's been so
spot-on he's so highly respected has
anybody ever heard of senator just
social
people these people want somebody in the
presidency stands up for them and the
laws and traditions of this country we
welcome you here you put into the
immigration issue I'm really impressed
with your plan and no one will make a
difference
agree with that
fragile life so I go around and I see so
many people have been treated so well by
the people and you know we're leading in
every poll
Obama
Florida
and you know it's really a great place
but Florida we have a governor and we
have a sitting senator and I'm killing
them obviously they're not doing a very
good job that shouldn't be happening
Pennsylvania New Hampshire South
Carolina North Carolina taxes
necessarily where we're just absolutely
way ahead of everybody else in fact you
know if this were another country we
could maybe call for an election right I
would like to have the election tomorrow
I don't wanna way so I think we see this
receptivity is that I know the game
better than anybody I've been on the
other side you know I was totally
establishment
millions of dollars all the time do
these characters right I was I was like
the fair-haired boy do I look fair but I
know the game
understand it and so many people have
come up lobbyist I said I don't want
money from lobbyists but recently lastly
your money I don't want your money
because I don't think about it might
take his money but in the end I school
and don't do anything for a great
business and I feel sort of stupid I say
I don't want your money please I promise
I won't Laura told them I said you know
I don't want your money comes in two
years when you come to see me about
something I'm not doing it unless it's
good and less gonna make America great
again right after we think and I think
that because I think I should take a lot
of money allowed to give it to charity
these guys come up and I'm lucky you
know everybody should have doubled in a
run you know that right
my wife actually said you know if the
Junos be pretty well as she also sees
the reaction in for a long time whether
its trump the art of the deal which
Obama and carry obviously did not read
when they did this crazy deal with Iran
I love that book you know I said the
other day and it sort of played pretty
well that is my second help ROV
book always the art of the deal and
that's the real one that's original
that's when they use real paper said the
other day so many people that carry
around the art of the deal because
politicians please please read the art
of the deal when you negotiate with
China and Japan with mexico with vietnam
and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody
you know right now we have a problem
where north korea's getting frisky right
now
recently I ordered four thousand
television set I'd like to hear that
America can you believe I was able to
find that guy you know these hot hot as
a pistol you know that they're made in
America and I'm gonna give you but
believe me I haven't forgotten about you
but then made in America but the other
day I see today it's pretty hot on the
news that are very dear friend is acting
a little bit rambunctious again so I
ordered four thousand television sets
from South Korea whether it's for LG or
any of the Romanian South Korea
a fortune and the wonderful and the
wonderful people can abort we don't do
everybody the most television sets in
this country almost like don't think so
right now they're mostly made other than
Sony which has lost his way too high but
so I see that we're sending ships and
we're getting our troops ready we have
28,000 troops ready just in case bob was
gonna fight with you to protect we get
nothing what we get we get nothing
Saudi Arabia and I get along great with
my apartment from even spent 40 million
to 50 million am I supposed to just like
a man
very much but you know saudi arabia one
billion dollars a dead day before they
all went down a little bit but that's a
minor detail but they were so now they
make it happen in a day that's something
we get nothing and they wouldn't be
there without protection even Germany
Germany's a power who has a
mercedes-benz anybody lot of people
there are power we defend the whole
world where we want to be nice
somebody that's so stupid
alright they said that's terrible to ask
for money they said they said that's
terrible how can you possibly ask for
money to defend the country i mean tell
me tell me now we're sending our ships
were sending our everything we've got
and what does 28,000 troops that we have
right now on the border between North
and South Korea that's dangerous
territory they're in harm's way they're
in harm's way and we get nothing they
take our trade we lose a fortune with a
reporter with china we defend Japan you
know we have an agreement with japan
where somebody attacks apparently we
have to come to their rescue but if we
can attack doesn't have to help us do
you think that's a good year
that's sort of like sergeant berga has
anybody heard of such a traitor
don't know the trader I called President
I called President Obama the 541
president we get sergeant Bergdahl a
traitor who by the way six people that
we know of six people were killed trying
to get this guy back six people they
went after him they wanted to get him
back so we get sergeant Bergdahl and
they get five people that they
desperately wanted for years that are
right now back on the battlefield trying
to kill everybody including US House do
you know the reason we had clouds and no
matter where I go the other night were
in new hampshire we had some new
hampshire was so incredible that
television is gonna be live I should
have a rest blues tonight is live on Fox
it's like we like stocks
and it's always going to be at its live
on MSNBC
but I said you wanted to just cover me
like anybody else would they go the next
day and every time I speak it has to be
live it's not busy day killers but it's
ok right we have to suffer weather but
look the reason I have this really
incredible enthusiasm and i really
appreciate your especially with this
weather and everything else but the
reason I have it is because I do know
what I'm doing and I don't say that a
braggadocio is like you people are
looking for somebody that knows what
he's doing whatever it is you know I
said it the other night my second
favorite book of all time
what's my first favorite book the body
blow the Bible
as much as I love the art of the deal
it's not even close we take the Bible
all the way right I was saying so they
said I wasn't gonna run and everyone's
gonna run it's just having fun just a
good time is Brandon like I care of my
brand this point
gutless macy's because I said about
illegal immigration they dropped my
brand and I'm supposed to be
douglas plus I have too soon Univision
my poor Miss Universe people to
beautiful beautiful women girls but
beautiful women and I get drunk but I
think of it you have these magnificent
women that worked all their lives to be
in the Miss USA contest in the mission
and two weeks before the contest NBC and
Univision because they thought my tone
was a little bit strong I was right
I mean in the case of unification of
$500,000,000
so I actually put it on the other day
Miss Universe Miss USA I put it on
because it was only fair to the people
and we had it under small network and it
was fine but who do that well because
they want to be so politically correct
they actually called and they said I
will get it back on soon will get it
back on soon
you know the case of a couple they said
losses nice car was all over the world a
friend of mine you know because I opened
with a strong statement meaning illegal
immigration with the problem so all of
the one day with NASCAR
losses I don't have a deal with Nazca it
turned out that I lost now as they did
they went to the ballroom at trump the
route can you believe that was my losses
and by the way I kept their deposit and
read that it to somebody else
the ballroom go out the next day
ties with trumpets all over the world
yes I have friends call me from Paris
he's a great businessman all it's too
bad about what happened to inspect you
know it was a golf outing and one of my
courses are you believe this is my big
deal and it was all over the world
the press I don't know maybe they didn't
get it maybe they don't get it I was
very disappointed with macy's is not a
big deal but they heard the tickets in
front of the store and they called
pickets
tickets I said look into ours will be
gonna believe me the Gulf reliance they
won't come back but they said we sever
ties I said I don't care service I don't
wear ties were made in China it always
trouble
gutless people so the reason that we're
getting this receptivity which is like
this all over the place is because they
said they should have been assigned a
big document which is a one-page
document which basically you're giving
your life away and I saw a great summer
really I couldn't tell you the ones but
you know what he says I know which one
but they started coming but what happens
is that this is probably not as rich as
people actually one of the reasons I
want to recommend one of my life and
it's so true so I have like about a
hundred and two pages or 98 pages of
stuff and they have all these boxes over
50 million over 50 million and I and it
was a nominal better and people realize
it was a net worth in this is not
bragging and I'm gonna tell you why
over ten billion dollars that's good
right very little debt very little and
then come with psych I think it's over
four hundred million dollars a year is a
good my son is here look at her legend
lives on that
it says your online income and it's like
you know very different things but
basically over 400 million a year 365
anybody that would not want to make that
much money in one year
well with it comes responsibility but I
will tell you this reason people like
what i'm saying is because I want to put
that energy whatever the hell kind of
energy is I don't get screwed up it's
good if it's genius if it's whatever it
is I know how to do things I know and
I'm not gonna do I i won't care about
you know what a great building on
pennsylvania right opposite between as
you know the white house and the old
post office real estate business slogan
always get the post office post office
in washington D C and I got it from the
Obama administration now that's cool
deal making one of the most sought-after
buildings in the history of the general
services administration and I got it and
you know what they did the right thing
because we're doing a great job and we
had a great statement they want to make
sure it gets done and it'll be opening
and here's a little story it's now under
budget and ahead of schedule do you have
to hear that from from government and we
just finished around a lot of great job
and my son is here and it does anybody
ever heard of it
and I'm not gonna let him do any big
deals but you know what my whole energy
who cares doesn't mean anything
my whole energy my whole be is going to
be to make our country rich and to make
our country great again that's what my
home
and that's my primary it's a great up to
two nite always had an aptitude for
making money some people would say thats
nice one person said mr. Trump thats
regress the country rich in order to
make our country great I have to get
rich again we're dead early do you agree
with me so I
percent I couldn't care less if I
couldn't care less about any of our
stuff my kids are really good very nice
and I just wanna
countries so great and that's what's
going to happen and that's what's going
on
as an example
give me a couple examples in Alabama USA
steal the closure essentially a pleasure
and I said why what happened and I went
around and I said anybody work there no
I don't think so I hope not but big
closure and one of the reasons that
China is dumping so much steel into the
United States and other company other
countries also but China I love that
sign look at that
wow wow that's true the only probably
breaking everybody thank you so so eine
is dumping tremendous amount of steel
into our country the government to
subsidize it's almost like they want us
to just die and they have no respect for
us and again you know the largest bank
in the world is in one of my buildings
and they buy apartments and spent so
much money am I gonna just like them I
love them
the problem is that I say it all the
time their leaders are really small
they're really coming they're really
sure and we have done these right we
have damaged we have done these
people that don't have a clue I don't
know you know some people say they're
bad people I don't think they're bad
people I think they're incompetent
people a lot of people that I don't
think they've been I think they're
incompetent so you look at China and
what they've done and you know last week
and I said this and I've been saying for
a long time you've been hearing last
week they devalued the currents and
having a lot of hard times because of
what they do and when I hear devaluation
of the Chinese currency you know the
word the sucking action that's cool
that's something like a vacuum sucking
action to things happen two things get
sucked out of us our jobs and our money
not think of it
China product picture takes our place
and we owe them one point four trillion
dollars that's like a magic called the
magic deck in reverse
we owe them money in japan is back
have obvious the new prime ministers you
know I'll be really i mean he's
60 minutes and they doing this feature
and Caroline Kennedy and she's very nice
little while longer because he likes
anybody that my daughter likes right
anybody my daughter like we love you so
so what happens during a feature and
they should and with a very important
position because we negotiate you know
you need somebody
killer or killers dumped you need
somebody so they said how did you get
the impression she said well this is a
pretty close you can check it out well I
don't know I wanted a job and had
nothing to do so I went to the white
house and I said good job thing for me
to do and they should how would you like
to be ambassador to japan and she should
really this is and then they show the
rest of the show was her being wined and
dined by Avi and all of these killers
wined and dined she's being credited at
dinner
lunches and breakfasts to do anything
they want so I have the smartest
toughest mean is in many cases most
horrible human beings and their killers
negotiators some nice people very nice
people but I will put martyrs smarter we
have the best of the world we don't use
them we used political hacks diplomat we
as people that don't have any business
ability we have people use people that
have never done a job somebody saw my
blame them
up to the plate and you know like
there's an example Carl Icahn did anyone
ever hear he's an unbelievably brilliant
stuff I called them i didnt wear them
two nights ago I'm doing pretty well I'm
leaving every poll you can't believe I
said I get there I want you to oversee
the negotiations with China China and
Japan do it I'll do it remember when I
said somebody has blood coming out of
her eyes with a ride while he had blood
coming out of he will do it is
unbelievable unbelievable negotiator and
I know what I know the best I know the
worse I know the ones that are overrated
I know the ones that you've never heard
about or read about the better than all
of them but calls one of the great
cities very famous a very rich and he
would love to do it gives him that he
knows what's happening
ripping us so they send their self over
here and actually somebody the other day
said china has done to the United States
is the greatest single theft in the
history of the world said we've rebuilt
china we've rebuilt China so you know we
have free trade the problem with free
trade is when you have free trade very
important you need competently that's
the one problem with free trade I like
free trade I'm a free-trader negotiators
a great leaders we don't have that so
we're getting killed by everybody I use
these three countries we don't make good
use everybody is killing so we
will have believable as the manufacturer
drive to do business with China and what
he's going he's a good man great product
better than what they do they don't want
him sending the stuff you know it's
impossible to do business I can get my
brother finally get a product in there
and they charge a massive tax which they
call a terror because it sounds a little
more sophisticated because it's
impossible to do business which bowling
does this is which and they want all of
their Intel they want their copyrights
every other ones were not bind lines and
then I'll building big factories in
China don't blame China I respect them
and our leaders to be so stupid and
Mexico is the same thing you know mexico
the other day
nabisco nabisco I love you realize I'm
never eating again
disco closes a plant they just announced
a couple of days ago in Chicago in the
plant to mexico y
have you heard my story my favorite
stories you've heard the story with 42
we wanted to get alright I mean that's a
big 10 Ford great company building a 2.5
billion dollar car factory in places all
over the United States shipbuilding this
massive factory in mexico so I wanted
his grade school I was actually you know
I went to this great place the Wharton
School of Finance hardest gonna get it
even then it was hard to get into the
artist but I went to this great business
school and I get business and I fully
understand so they're building a tornado
in Joplin closer Brad is certainly going
to rebuild atlantic reserve guard
yourself as a result is that there's no
tax is no not so much loving plants here
that building this massive plant in
Mexico another plant also another big
foreign car company there was a plant
being built it was all set to get
started they're going to announce it in
Tennessee you read about a couple of
months ago
Wall Street Journal all set to get
started all of a sudden Mexico took it
away and now it's not going to be built
in terms of its gonna be built in Mexico
so sort is there a plan and here's what
I did I said to myself I give myself the
right position and I say let's assume
that somebody else becomes president
will not be horrible so let's assume
somebody else becomes president let's
assume a very low energy purchase very
very low energy so low energy that every
time you watch him you fall asleep
so let's say jim baker's dozen
not
not
first thing that happens in schools go
to help people flow over the world but
forgetting about that so let's say the
jet doesn't want this plant built so
they get a call him to head for
president
the next day or the next hour he's gonna
get a call from the lobbyists and the
special interests as donors we gave you
$1,000,000 idea one hundred and twenty
million dollars we want that thing don't
you can't do that our people
ok it's gotta get done the plant will
get built now let's take something
better
question who would you rather have
negotiating with China Japan Mexico
water
this report that came out last week's
hours leading in the polls and everybody
says why don't I have a pollster but
they'll go out every day I wake up you
know they pay these guys like $100,000 a
month and they can't function because
unless they're going have invented with
a pollster they can talk and I say why
they are you the polls show when every
day there's a new poll in like 30 pages
I don't have to get a pollster what
they'll do I needed save you money but
really very very expensive very well
done really well done because I was
leading by a lot of ways that they had
leadership I was way ahead of everyone
they had a very good people but the
thing and I do very well at it
military I am
and so powerful
power and so great that will never have
to use it nobody's gonna mess with us
mostly
so I look at the various things to do
with our country and by the way one of
them to take care of the ball but they
did a poll on like who is one of the
most popular with thats I was the most
popular person like me and I love them
five years these senators and these
other than jeff is congressman these
people in Washington including
presidents have done things it's gonna
take care of our
so they do this poem and in the poll I
was a nice person they said was the
nicest I was like I'm a nice person who
cares
woman came up to me she said I'm not
sure that your nice enough to be
president but this is not going to be an
election based on a nice person it's
going to be based on a competent person
I want on the economy I want on jobs I
want leadership by massive numbers like
I wanted all these categories
why do we need election we don't need an
election these are such important out of
doors but I as an amazing experience
because the time I announced almost the
first week I was a rough week but the
press by the way
largely very dishonest I have to say
this the political media I actually
think that the political media is less
popular than Congress can you believe it
and congress is almost congress has
almost no rating and and in all fairness
because with all those cameras they're
all live in the trying to shut off the
camera right now but you know what
they're all alive and so many life
campers but look at thank you
this very dishonest but there is a
certain group that are fantastic people
and every once in a while I get an
honest story and I love it I cherish
those stories are not often but they
care so that we we have you have to
understand and they have they're really
pretty much don't forget when I first
read I said you know it's amazing
went to a great school family we believe
in the gene thing you know I do like
they used to say secretary of course is
actually secretary wasn't one of the
best of you but interior that but then I
went out and made a tremendous couple to
tremendous fortune and big company I did
the art of the deal and many books are
best-sellers part of the deal was one of
the biggest-selling maybe the biggest
selling business books of all time I did
the apprentice we love the apprentice
remember BC hates me because they
renewed the apprentice and I said excuse
me I'm not doing it I'm running for
president gonna make the country great
again they are toy
actually came up to my office the top
people great people from NBC and they
said please please run run and i said im
not running I'm most of the advertising
said I'm gonna run and I'm going to make
our country great you are so so I look
at the landscape I look at where we're
going look at where we've been we've had
a horrible number of years
number of years we can realize i watch
the general the other day on television
was just retiring which is of course I
do you think will go against Isis I
don't know it's going to be very tough
can you believe this
General George Patton General Douglas
MacArthur are spinning in their graves
as you listen to spinning in their
graves jobs are hard and I look at
what's going on with the landscape and
then I get to meet all of the people
that I met over the last period of time
and i want to tell you it's been it's
been amazing it's been really and I want
to finish up with a couple of little
points one of them is all I love is
so when I get the call I say no no no
built in the United States gonna say no
we don't want to do I say let me tell
you sir you gonna build in the United
States and I will be called by people
but I will not have any of them money so
I don't care and then to say and I'll
call them and I'll say listen here's the
story building
billion dollars in mexico charge you a
tremendous little 35% tax person and
that is going to be for every car in a
report and every drop it comes into the
united states and here's what's going to
happen what's going to happen is she was
sitting there going to come back to me
the following day I would say the
following afternoon let's say 12 I say
by the time the day I don't like
underneath this one is too easy and
they're gonna come back and they gonna
say mister president gonna get caught by
the lobbyists are going to get this done
who say no interest within 24 hours they
will say mister president what you doing
to us this terrible we will build the
United States we will build the plant
it doesn't help us it doesn't help us
when you look at what's going on when
you look at what's going on we're in the
business closing in so many places are
closing when you look at the kind of
money that these countries are making
and i'm naming a few I mean so many
countries we don't have anything well
we're running on fumes we're running on
you know there's nothing here when you
look at what happens this so much
sharper this so much smarter and we're
not we need to have our borders we need
to make great deals you know the man in
the back just how would you like to be
israel right now they rely on us
sanity they're great people and we have
a deal that is so incompetent so bad
think of the deal we make a deal
our chief negotiator goes into a bicycle
race at 73 years old he breaks his leg
that was the good part of our deal that
was the only thing that happened and I
told people last week told us last week
I swear to you I will never ever ride a
bicycle at least in a race but we have a
new thing that just came up yesterday of
the deal we know all about the 24 day
period right but the 24 day parent
doesn't start that Clark doesn't start
ticking for a long time for a long time
so that could be forever so they're
doing something believe me by the time
we get there first of all why aren't
they giving us back up business and
second can you believe this can you
believe it I'm second double the other
day it was determined that
very important section maybe the most
important right is going to do their own
policing
they are going to tell us we swear we're
not building anything it's it's sad it's
so sad
Obamacare
we are going to repeal and replace it
we we are going to come up with a plan
and there are so many different ways you
know you don't know this because you
don't think about it this way you know
the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare
on the insurance company remember I told
you special interests and lobbyists the
insurance companies love it we can have
such great plan it would get rid of the
artificial lines around everything I
have a huge huge company I want to go
should I like that one group they don't
negotiate some of the people that own
businesses know what I'm talking about
the insurance companies are so protected
they're making a fortune
gonna make it so competitive we're gonna
get rid of the artificial barriers and
Obamacare I mean you look at what's
happening with your premiums i mean look
at this look at what's happening just
take a look at what's happening to the
deductibles highest possible it's
impossible
health care we're gonna fix women's
health issues we're gonna fix you know
my wife came up to me the other day and
she said it's really sad because people
don't understand how you cherish woman I
want I will protect women so important
and I heard some of the other candidates
Japanese some of the others the other
day saying we're not gonna fun various
women's health issues can you believe
this I said that's the end of his
election I don't think like that do much
to agree on women's health issues
a few hours later he came back and he
said he misspoke ok but women's health
issues so important where they'll end up
taking our country we are going to make
it so strong so powerful so loved by
people again so you know the problems
that we have and you don't see it
tonight but you see it is a tremendous
lack of sleep and I actually thought
that President Obama the one thing he
was an experience he never produced the
job lots of other things but I actually
thought that he would be a great really
great cheerleader for the country when
he was elected I thought that was really
turned out to be a great divider as
opposed to a great game
and you look at Baltimore you look at
Ferguson you look at st. Louis last
night over the last week you look at all
the things that are happening we're
sitting on our couch there's no say
there's no jobs anything we are going to
take this country I am going to be the
greatest jobs president that God ever
created
I will you are you know I oftentimes say
the American dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and stronger and more
powerful than ever before and that's
what's going to happen I am going to
make this country bigger and stronger
and better and you get a lot of your
president and whether it turn this
around so proud
whole thing is make America great again
we are going to make america better than
it's ever been and we're gonna love
doing it and we're gonna have fun doing
it and I just want to thank everybody
does this has been really really

you very much everybody this is
beautiful we just kept driving and
driving and driving we're pretty far up
and I said that's a great group of
people this is what it's all about these
are the people that build their country
how large a debate last night is good
right it was good we had a lot of fun we
gave very high grades and that even
people that hate me gave me good marks
is that amazing some of those pundits
they hate me so much and it was so hard
one of them said he won the debate i
cant stand and I can't stand it they
were they were almost crying you know
one of the things that was interesting
and he came across even more so on
television last night was the room was
loaded up I think they had like a
thousand seats which is in a very big
room that's far less than the people we
have tonight
today but they had a thousand and there
was supposed to have the young people
from the college and what happens is all
the rich donors and special interests
and the lobbyists got all the tickets
right
and I know so many among look at in the
fashion these people there
lot of money tremendous money by the way
in that room last night but I'm look at
these people those angry faces and they
look at me how could you do this to us
so I and you so when I complained I said
all these people they giving bush's just
wasting money he's just wasting and he's
taking it why don't you just throw it
out the window you should what they
should do is give it to the vets that
would be really nice but I got like
bush's got a hundred and twenty eight
million dollars have never seen it is at
the bottom of the pack and just it's
just a total it so what situation well
actually it's a waste because all of
those hands that he's got make a lot of
money you know they make a lot of money
so what do you what you do is look at is
a Roman I see special-interest guys I
see people that represent the insurance
companies the oil companies the drug
companies that's why we pay so much you
know the drugs you know what's happening
with the drugs health of medicare and
other things with the largest purchaser
in the world
prescription drugs and other drugs to
make people better and with the largest
and yet we buy for practically the same
price if you go to the local drugstore
and take something off the counter you
know people say you think you could find
any waste in the country how about like
you won't believe what we're gonna buy
this is just one thing out of many so if
you go to the drug store and pick up a
set that much difference in price
because we're not allowed for some
reason I don't know what the reason is I
dunno what the reason is but I don't
know how they can sell it we're not
allowed to negotiate drug prices can you
believe it so we buy drugs biggest in
the world and we have about three
hundred billion dollars more though as
opposed to it we negotiated the price so
there's three hundred billion on day one
we saw that his a difference in the room
last night you had representatives of
drug companies they are giving money to
numerous of these people like the head
of Johnson and Johnson is jeb Bush's top
fund-raiser
well I mean tell me so let me ask you do
you think jeb Bush's going to make drug
prices competitive when he's a good guy
is what he Johnson he's a friend of mine
is a great guy but what did Johnson is
the head of jeb Bush's fundraising so
let's say jet one which is an
impossibility but let's say but this
applies to everybody else let's say jet
11 Johnson of Johnson and Johnson is the
head of his palace it possible for jet
in all fairness suggests to say what it
was gonna go out and fight competitively
billions and billions of dollars that
they won't collect data collecting right
now and profits and that's the way out
countries working folks so what happened
is I made the announcement last night
that in the room you know what happened
a lot of the kids there was like seven
or eight hundred passes for kids and I
blame the orange this I mean I think
it's terrible what happened last night I
wanted tickets they said you have twenty
tickets 20 tickets I'm the one that
brought all the action right am I the
one I mean if these other guys came up
it today that before people in the front
row the owner of the building wasn't
even meant for this he said this is the
biggest crowd we've ever had so what
happens is we thought it was a protest
it's a friend I love protesters gives
the cameras follow they won't follow and
accepted so it's not possible that you
know you look at it and you you see the
kind of money you talking about but so I
myself am putting up my own money that's
a nice
I'm way under budget you know right now
i'm forty million eight closer than
maybe fifty but I'm forty million
dollars under budget that nice thank you
I'm forty million dollars under budget
and I'm number one in the polls are
right
a guy like jeff has spent a hundred and
ten million dollars and he's down in the
Boone down here can you imagine that
it's just what the country we gotta get
the guy I give the example of education
in the world in the world were ranked
number thirty but we're number one and
cost per pupil by lot number two is like
so far down they don't even consider a
number too so we we are by far the most
expensive and yet we have what number
thirty we have third-world countries
that do better than as now you have
Sweden and Norway and Denmark and China
in the top 40 50 right but will number
thirty and yet we spend more now
wouldn't it be nice if you could take a
look at what I'm doing here if we could
spend less and be one or two or five or
something you know now one of the
reasons we do so badly as common core
common core's a disaster coming quarters
a complete disaster so we get rid of
that and we start educating your
children in new hampshire well locally i
mean the people they hate coming quarter
but then I hated because they're bad
people are haters and i'd haters they're
headed for a different reason it's no
good
who wants to have a bureaucrat in
washington taking care and educating
your kids we don't want to do you want
to have local education and I'd say that
I watch it is beautiful the parents and
they have two children and they have
their boys and it's so beautiful and
then by the way their children graduated
they say on the boards because they love
to school because their children went
there that's what you have to have it so
important so we want to be at a point
where we can spend less money and have a
far stronger country and a better
country I look at military expenditures
you know I'm going to build the military
bigger
better stronger and I guarantee we can
do it unless you know I hear stories
like you know they're ordering missiles
that they don't want because of politics
because of special interests because the
company that makes the missiles as a
contributor and the other company that
makes the missiles that are good isn't
so we're ordering missiles that the
generals don't want because of politics
so is the beauty they come to me and
they say we would like you to use such
and such a company he helped your
friends I don't give up my friends I
have no friends as far as I'm concerned
you know you know who my friends are you
my friends so I think self-funding as a
big deal I'm the only one that
self-funding Democrat Republican
everyone else is taking money from the
bloodsuckers you know when these guys
are really good when they give our
candidates when they give ted five
million dollars when they give Marco
Demark
did Ted do well as how did you like my
answer when they talked about
waterboarding did people like that
there's some people thought it was you
know controversy ok so we have
waterboarding some people considered
less than 20 chip much less than
tortured and I said and they gave the
engine 10 and Ted didn't like you know
he wanted to stay away from it I didn't
he said he didn't like the concept of
the water but it wasn't that he went to
stay away from it and my answer was this
we are living in medieval times there's
never been a time like this what I used
to read medieval times they jump you
head off and I haven't heard that you
know even in the Wild West you get shot
right to shoot you but they don't jump
ahead off so now they chop you have
James Foley you look at what's going on
and I said to myself what avoiding what
it what is peanuts compared to what
they're doing and they said about
waterboarding the question has died and
I said look as far as I'm concerned what
aborting immediately is ok and we can
get much worse than waterboarding that's
okay too and everybody was shocked and
they all like in in life and in business
you have to know that's right
politically correct we don't want to be
politically correct says the man with
the Red Hat saying make America great
again right
but so important and and it wasn't just
a question was coming up but I gave an
answer that wasn't may be politically
politically correct we don't have the
time we don't have the strength we don't
have anything to be its ok you want to
be you want to be good you want to be
good people but they are doing such a
horrible thing you know when they're
willing to fly airplanes into the World
Trade Center fly airplanes into the
Pentagon had an airplane into the white
house where we had some very brave souls
on that plane that ditched it before it
got there right in Pennsylvania right
those people are great but when they
have this kind of hatred in this kind of
evil water body and I guarantee you this
sitting back there saying can you
imagine these stupid people talking
about waterboarding like it's the worst
thing and they're chopping off heads so
when they gave me the question and the
best response I got last night from all
of these donors that you have to
understand they weren't might donors
they would donors did these other guys
and you could see pockets they went out
cause they're rich and they bought the
tickets from the kids that were given
the tickets to kids made a fortune last
night the kids with scalping tickets
last night and the people out there and
I was told no no we gave them to the
children of the college unless the child
is 54 years old and lives on Park Avenue
cell I looked at that audience I said
this is really tough because I have an
audience where I am their worst
nightmare because I'm not taking their
money I'm richer than they are
I don't need the money and that's what
we need that's what we need so it was a
very interesting people found that
interesting last I heard about it I said
thank you very much
and we have fun they are paying for the
first of all they are why wouldn't they
they make a fortune off the United
States they have not helped us at all
with illegal immigration we have
tremendous problems with illegal
immigration New Hampshire you know I
have so many friends in the lab and you
know before the political thing that we
started 7 months ago I've been up here
many times great place great people up
here and that's why that's why I'm
asking via vote you guys better but I
don't need your money you notice I said
I don't need your money I need your vote
right keep your money your money you
know most guys are saying well you can
give you will take anything you have
given us an undershirt dunno I don't
want anything I want one thing on
Tuesday you have to get out and vote
ok because we have a movement going on
that is unbelievable
what's going on is on the cover of Time
magazine last week and they talked about
this movement it's believable what's
happening and no matter where we go we
get these grads and we're gonna do great
in South Carolina waiting to grade in
Novato had degraded the SEC which of the
next the next events but we have
something going on and and it's a simple
Oakland it is make America great again
we're going to make America great again
and we maybe have a chance of making
america greater than it's ever been
before going to bring our jobs back you
know you got stripped in new hampshire
you get absolutely strip but one of the
things I hear about new hampshire so
much and it's shocking hurdle for a long
time now but but shocking because you
drive through the beautiful wooded areas
it's a beautiful place it's of one of
the most beautiful places you'll ever
see
and it's a tremendous sure there's a
love story and is a great spirit in new
hampshire there's a great spirit but one
of the problems and it just doesn't seem
to go and that's why it's so surprising
to me and maybe it makes more of an
impression that heroin problem the the
drug problem and all of the stuff that's
pouring in
is is incredible I mean the drugs coming
into new hampshire is just incredible
and when I'm with when I'm with people
when I you know when I i come out and
I'm with groups of people talk about
like let's talk about the military which
they do talk about and they talk about
the best we have al
the owner was such a nice guys on him I
said I'd like it if the might just work
you know why I could say well that's all
we can go folks and be nice to know
we're not going to pay the rent right
we're not going to give them to you know
the country would pay the rent of Adam I
can work if the mic doesn't work for me
I say sorry I'm not paying anything
right now anyway but we have a long we
have so many of the people from the feds
but the thing that I hear more than
anything else in terms of new
hampshire's problems is the drug problem
and you just don't associated with sure
but they have a tremendous problem it's
pouring across from largely from the
southern border and we're gonna put that
one up and you're not going to have that
problem we gotta take the people that
are addicted and badly badly badly
addicted and will work to get them
better and then you know it's
interesting it's interesting with a drug
and alcohol and other addictions but if
you don't start it's really easy to sell
ok it's like drunken if you never smoked
a cigarette you don't have a problem if
you never start taking the drugs you
have a problem and when we make it so
hard for them to get into the country
beyond even new hampshire because
whether to have that wall that was gonna
be so big and so strong and so powerful
and we're gonna have a border guards
Wigan have a border guard you know a
couple of these politicians and I'm
dealing with it politicians they said to
me about two months ago they said you
can't really build a wall donald can you
build buildings in the ninety four
stories tall walls you know I mean give
me a break and and and it'll be a nice
long beautiful it'll be a big wall a
beautiful well they will get a name that
Trump someday maybe right so we have to
make you know I don't want to but but it
will be a powerful wall and I always
talk about their right now they have
these walls let it build ramps I never
understood they build ramps going over
these little walls
you know we have also already little
balls on the little baby walls and they
build ramps and they have these trucks
driving trucks driving right over the
Rams over the wall and down loaded up
with drugs they drop the drugs off all
over the country then they come back
over the rap I said what are they just
knocked down it's a little while I never
understood why did they buy the new why
do they do the ramp I guess maybe they
want to be nice to us that I wanna do
any destruction right so we end up
getting the drugs and they end up
getting the money not gonna happen that
way they more folks like it happened
that way so when I say I'm gonna build a
wall these politicians come up to me and
they're well-meaning but that
politicians they don't know anything
that I mean honestly they know one thing
how to get reelected that's what they
know they're good at that and the way
they get re-elected as all those guys in
the audience last night take care of him
and the drug company guys make sure that
you never negotiate the price of drugs
and the oil guys make sure that all good
things happen with respect to oil right
and all of these existing cause I was on
the other side of the system for a long
time and a very big don't know and I
understand it but when you have the
insurance companies you look at
insurance health insurance
the reason we have the lines you
artificial lines around each state is
because the health insurance companies
to come the insurance companies want to
have it that way because they'd rather
have monopolies in each state that have
hundreds of companies going all over the
place bidding so that we can get up
prices way way way down because
Obamacare is a disaster that is
expensive and it's no good and it
doesn't work so the insurance companies
say they were in the room I saw him last
night I know these people the insurance
companies say I want to take new york
you take you take some other place you
take iowa you take some of the place I
want california personally california's
very good but they have lines around the
state's ok and new hampshire as the same
thing and for those of you that don't
business is very hard to get many
competitive bids so what the insurance
companies as they say I'd rather have
new hampshire and not have a lot of
bidding then have the right to build all
over the united states right one problem
you can make the deal so hard for me to
make deals I have thousands of employees
so hard for me to make deals on health
care because they can't get bids
all right now once we get rid of the
lines it'll be easy why can't we get rid
of the lines because the insurance
companies give tremendous political
contributions to the guys that I want to
stage with so whether it's insurance
companies that the drug companies in the
oil companies sold the same thing we're
never gonna get our country back if we
keep doing this we never get to get it
back I tell the story and to me it's a
great I could use any one of a hundred
different places probably much more than
that but we're Ford moves you know
they're building the big plant and the
building in Mexico and their clothes in
a lot of plants are building a two and a
half billion dollar automobile plant
trucks automobiles and parts two and a
half billion in
Mexico and I say how is that good how is
that good for us
new hampshire knows better than any
other business to mexico ok I see these
places now that our summer empty and
summer converted the senior citizens
summit converted to apartments but in
the meantime you need jobs you don't
necessarily need the apartments you need
jobs and you take in the jobs out there
giving him to other countries and we can
end that we're not going to let it
continue to happen we're not gonna have
any jobs you look at manufacturing right
now look at caterpillar tractors a great
great company but if you look at what
japan is doing with their currency the
yen did dropping the hell out of there
devaluing their currency to such a point
that Komatsu is not get the hell outta
caterpillar we have to say you gonna do
that we don't want your car's ok they
won't believe it except the messages you
gotta have the right message now you
gotta have the right message you know
see the problem is we have people that
don't know the first thing about
negotiation really business but common
sense but it's ago she Asian these
people are rank amateurs they are I
don't want to say I wish I get in
trouble see those be able see all those
cameras back there they've never driven
so far to get to a location but you see
all those cameras back there but it's
really true we have tremendous power
because China is sucking ass try and
without US china we've rebuilt China
they've taken our jobs are based
thousands and millions of jobs by the
way not douses millions and millions of
jobs
thousand
and thousands of factories have closed
cuz its China and it doesn't do us any
good and by the way they sell their
product they put it in no tax no nothing
you try putting your product into China
you can do it
ok it's really hard now Boeing tried it
and they made Boeing build a whole new
big airplane complex and they kept all
of its intellectual property they wanted
to stay wanted that and all of a sudden
boeing's gonna have this massive place
in China and then I have to build a
place here anymore so how does it help
us it's gonna be a whole different ball
game so we have a lot of power over
these over these countries now when
Japan takes there yet have a very strong
leader very smart later one of the best
leaders in a long time when Japan I get
along with them great
you like me I like him but I just name
is Abby we're not gonna be able to be
able to rip us off anymore it's ok don't
worry about respect us more I have the
biggest bank in the world is attended to
one of my building since from China I
sell millions in the tens of millions of
dollars of apartments condominiums in
Manhattan to Chinese people I love China
I don't look there's nothing wrong I
like China I like Japan ok now what does
that say I know that's okay that's not a
protest that's a friend that's a friend
had a very bad boy so for a friend right
that's a very very hostile voice for a
friend anyway so what we have to do what
we have to do
get them at the amazing thing you know
people they lost the last people get a
match security Liz
you know it's it's an amazing thing
we're talking about japan everybody
ripping so we're talking about health
care military events but it's all good I
mean there's nothing bad I always say if
I could take a person like that sitting
in a room for 10 minutes a doctor them i
get some unless they got I don't want to
say okay who's who said that raised yeah
that's my man so anyway so we have the
greatest business leaders in the world
waited to take those trade deals we're
gonna rip up and was gonna read to them
and they gonna be great what to do and
we have all the power you know see Obama
doesn't think we have any power we r
Japan right now one point six trillion
dollars we owe China 1.7 trillion
dollars it's amazing they come in they
take our jobs they take our money and we
owe them money it's like magic act in
reverse
no good for us good for them they take a
job they take on Monday they ruin our
base we are gonna happen and we have
carl icahn one of the great business
been very rich guy billionaire many
times over we have a lot of the great
businessmen they are then I supporting
me because I don't want their money but
they are endorsing me and they want to
take these guys these are killers is a
people that you meet some of them you
would like some very nice not a lot of
him who cares who cares
summer vicious violent horrible human
beings do we can right now we have nice
people right now we have political hacks
negotiating with China I mean I deal
with China they're unbelievable they
come in in 20 people will come into big
one do you know like 20 2012 make sure
nobody's making a mistake and their
stuff and they don't walk in and say oh
isn't a beautiful day so lovely how's
everything going let's have dinner they
come in we will make deal ok there's no
games folks we play game
ames is no games their business I like
it there about business and we have and
we have we have political hacks we have
people that don't know the first thing
you gonna do we gonna get our final
which we should have been doing for
years we're gonna get the finance
business people in the world are best
negotiators are smartest people they
don't want anything they don't want it
and we gotta make great jail cell with
china we had a trade deficit of
$500,000,000 and that's what we have
between three and five hundred billion
dollars a year
Beltran of a deal is that and you want
to do business with them again with
japan is a massive deficit also swollen
but a massive deficit look at the power
we're look at the power we have to
negotiate if we haven't told them look
we're not gonna be able to take you cars
but meant to but we have to mean it you
know some of our guys I remember many
years ago he said that the Japan and
they were just about ready to make the
right deal and our guys cracked and you
know why they cracked because the
lobbyists and special interests got them
to crack so we never took it to the end
because they send us I was in Los
Angeles I saw the biggest ships I've
ever seen they loaded up with cuz they
come pouring like the expressway forty
miles an hour off these big boats and
then the boats go back to get more data
we get we send them like beef and they
don't want to be afraid they send it
back and by the time we send it the
fourth time they take it and then they
call it Kobe beef and there's a lot more
money because it's aged it's really age
we should get a discount then the judge
much more so we we can and we have fun
but you know I gotta have fun if we can
smile at ourselves and have weakened
smile at house stupidly were being run
then we're just gonna make ourselves
that feels so good so we have to smell
but we're not smiling you know they
recently nikki Haley she made a speech
and it's fine that you talked about
anger and she's
said essentially the donald Trump is
angry and this was her response to the
president's page and she said
essentially donald Trump is not known
and she's been very nice and i've
supported a little bit and and but she
said it not nice and I was actually the
previous debate the one that I didn't
raise the six million dollar so that's
where I was very happy with the one I
didn't go to I actually that was my best
performance I raised six million dollars
or not the last one that I didn't do i
think is my best performance because I
got the vet $6,000,000 nobody even knows
about it but we got the vets the Mets
know about it and al knows about it I so
where is el where the hell is out
there's wears out how do I get up here
this guy is so great he devotes his life
to the vents and he's been so supportive
of him I got a recognizable come on we
love them know we love them
I had the opportunity to meet you early
about why a 22 year Murray in a ten-year
legislature and one who said no Sun no
war then went to war supplies donald
Trump 50% he goes to my event she goes
to other people's events and he wants to
find out where it's all coming from and
he knows who's gonna take care of the
vets and it's not going to be the
politicians they talk you know they're
all talk and no action so now we're
gonna build the military the same way
we're talking about with trade within a
building military we gonna build it up
but we gonna negotiate prices and when
is the right companies and we're going
to get the right stuff we had the
greatest ever created and it's not going
to be political anymore
the money they're spending on things
they don't even one is ridiculous and
then they're sending it over debt allies
that don't wanna fight and that bullet
shot you know I always talk about 2,300
humvees armor-plated the best in the
world now I love the wounded warriors if
they had these they wouldn't be walking
around or not walking around they
wouldn't be in the condition they're in
they are they're the most amazing people
of all would you say you know they have
been I see these people and their their
legs are gone or their arms are gone or
worse and they they have a better
attitude then we have their unbelievable
people but we send over 2,300 the best
armor-plated humvees in the world and a
bullet shot and we give them to our
allies our allies we don't even know who
the hell are allies are we don't even
know who they are we giving them to
people that are fighting governments
with better of letting the damn
government say that cuz these ppl worse
than the government's spending billions
and billions so we give them humvees
they have no spirit to fight a shots
fired in the air
they've run out of the hundreds dead
gone and the enemy takes over 2,300
what the hell are we doing ok what are
we doing so if you remember I said take
the oil right I was the first and you
know it's funny I said take the oil for
four years I've been saying take the L
now they take that take it though the
bombing at the bombing and extremely
gentle II because they're afraid that
it's going to Cory's an environmental
hazard in there can you believe no can
you believe this
General George Patton ever said we can't
bomb the oil because it may have an
impact on the carbon footprint you think
George Patton he would have slapped the
hell of that environment let you know
that that environmental is little walked
up to him general you cannot bomb
because residue will go into the
atmosphere and it will affect their
carbon footprint you know George Patton
one-and-done he would have slapped the
hell out of that gas that would have
been the end of that environmentalist
by the way I've received so many
environmental awards and I'm not gonna
knock we need to clean air we need clean
water we need beautiful beautiful clean
water we need clean air and I get a
check with the press not funny
the president talks about the carbon
footprint then he goes to Hawaii and the
seven forty-seven air force one that's
very old with the old engines at spears
carbon and everything else into the air
and he goes to Hawaii stays there I
guess almost three weeks and then he
comes back on this massive plane with
massive engines and the very old and
they're not environmentally friendly to
put it mildly
and then he gets back into drugs about
the carbon footprint give me a break
stays there for three weeks a lot of
golf he plays one doubts that the guys
on the PGA Tour player so where did it
let it build up I'm not sure but we're
gonna build it up with supervision where
we get better than we're getting down
for no more money we can build it I
don't even like to say less money but we
can build up our military and will build
it bigger better stronger than ever
before and we won't spend anymore money
it's just like the drug situation white
told you when we can negotiate the price
you probably have
that same stuff in the military people
don't want to talk about it cause I want
to keep it that way am I gonna make
enemies with some of my old friends my
old friends some of those guys I said
there i I looked and then you wonder why
they booed me when I had tacked poor
poor poor Jeb Bush who brings out his
mother because he needed help he needed
help mommy please come walk into snow
mom and I like his mother but I don't
like that stuff we gotta do it on our
own ok gotta do it so we're gonna do
that with a military and within a week
to make this country so strong and will
make those borders so strong and I'm
telling you I was gonna tell you about
the Ford plant so here's what happens so
Ford opens as planned I wouldn't let it
happen I wouldn't let it happen but
let's say hillary can you believe it
now I will say this I don't agree with
Bernice and his own much although I
agree with them and do things trade on
trade he said were being ripped off he
just doesn't know how much I know how
much bigger than even the difference is
I could fix the trade and I'm going to
make a lot of money with dread she can't
do anything about he just doesn't being
ripped off
she's got half of it but he doesn't have
that there but he's right with hillary
because she's she's receiving a fortune
from a lot of people there's no way
she's going to tell afford to do
anything because I know people that she
can't do it she can't do it if you
wanted to do so here's what happens so I
say I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let that
happen
was not moving a lot of power and we
want to use it and if Hillary says it
well I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna let
it happen and then the following hours
you get a call from one of our donors
are one of the lobbyists representing
for that gave millions of dollars to
hillary was one of the special interests
or one of the shareholders that they
know you have to let it a hundred
percent now here's a difference they
call me and they're saying mister
president is a wonderful day explained
to me I was good
closing up in Michigan and other places
plans to build in mexico please explain
how it's good and they'll say well
that's good but we do want to build
their shit that's ok you can build it
but we are going to charge you a 35
percent tax for every car every truck
every part that you bring a closeup what
we have to do it we have to do it
and here's what's gonna happen standing
there and I'm sorry we couldn't get you
seats but they're just too many people
don't worry about it but there they'll
say that this is a hundred percent like
maybe 82% there's a hundred percent
they'll say mr. president we have to
build the plant we want to build the
plant we have commitments about the plan
I said that's ok you gonna be 30 but
they are going to sit back the following
day and they're gonna say could we
persuade you say no then I'm gonna be
called by people that I know I'm going
to say no nobody gives me money I guess
I know and then I'm gonna say do it or
are they gonna say the father they got a
call me back within 48 hours and they're
going to say mister president we've
decided to build the plant and the
United States has happened as a hundred
percent 100% nabisco in chicago has a
massive plant no more Oreos they're
moving the plant to mexico no more areas
it's good thing we did all we could lose
away no more areas but nabisco has a big
plant in chicago they are moving the
plant to mexico Tennessee had a big deal
for a mess of automobile company was
going to build a big plant in tennessee
was all set the deal is almost said it
was going to be announced just before it
got announced they decided they were
going to move into mexico so you tell me
why we should allow this to happen and
while we should allow these cars and
these trucks and these parts to pour
into our country and no tax
ok now I'm a free trader but you can
only be a free-trader when something is
fair I want fairness same thing with
China China China said everything in
here you know we're still have still the
leaders of stupid people running things
China's sense
and billions and billions of product and
our country not tax notice you try
sending something into China you can't
do it folks they call it a tariff I have
a friend is a very rich guy
their rent one more time there's no red
one more time george if you pay their
rent one more time with this can you
fired George so I have a friend is a
rich expensive item but he bought an
airplane from the man in China who
bought the aeroplane over here and he
can't get it back to china because the
taxes so massive almost as much as the
price of the airplane that he was better
off selling the plane so he sold the
plane to my friend at a huge discount
because he didn't want to pay the
tremendous tariffs for a tax to get the
plane back into China people don't know
those stories people don't know those ok
and their stories are all over the place
all over the place a year ago have you
been following what I've been saying
almost I've been doing this deficit
evidence can you imagine have been a
politician for seven months so I can you
believe this june sixteenth coming down
the famous escalator a big decision
because it takes guts believe me to run
for president
tax cuts you need a lot of gods and that
we need a lot of energy and a lot of
everything you need a lot but it's going
great and we love it and we love it and
we love what we do with the in-game I
love doing it adds that I love this I
love the end game because we have
something that we cherish that we love
our country and we're gonna do such
great things whether you know we're
gonna do such great things but we're
coming down the escalator and if you
were here that I was I was talking about
in that general vicinity was talking
about what japan's doing and you see
what's happening with caterpillar and I
told you I have a friend who's a big
excavator by big equipment always buys
from Caterpillar and he bought from and
this was awhile now you see what's
happened to caterpillar stock but he
bought from camacho which is a big
excavate a big company that makes
tractors etcetera and Japan I said what
happened he said I love caterpillar but
I can't help it
have an obligation to my family my
company my employees I bought from
Komatsu why because they have so devalue
the yen that had no choice I had to do a
double and I said really and he felt
badly about it I said is the equipment
does good he said no but it's good it's
very good it's that bad but I had no
choice and I said the people you know if
you own caterpillar and some of these
companies with what these foreign
countries are doing with their
currencies especially China by the way
which is the case
jane king of the world of currency
manipulation the king of the world
they'll never allow our companies to
compete with their companies ever and
they do it based on currency
manipulation that's why the DPP the
trade agreement that they're trying just
sign is so bad china's not in the
agreement but the countries that are are
there's nothing really talking about
currency manipulation and that's the
principle tool that these countries are
using to kill us they killing us and
we're going to get it stopped and that
agreement is a horrible agreement and by
the way china is not in it now but it's
so beautifully set up there watching it
this study it they have it they are good
to go at some point into the back door
they'll be in it and they'll take over
that agreement and they'll make even
more money than the making right now so
I'm not upset with China I'm not upset
with mexico or Japan
an their leaders are just too smart for
the people running our country that
people running our country don't have a
clue they don't have a clue and I refuse
to say this stupid see the woman just
said they're still open I said I refuse
to say that I'm going to admonish you ok
you're admonished remember when the man
called out and said bad things about
Obama I was hit by the press or not
admonishing him so now what I'll do it
so that my ok that wasn't a very serious
admonishment was it like she's looking
down that don't feel when I throwing you
out if you're one of your one of our
fans right so we're not throwing you
stand right there but people that are
running our country and then you look at
the granddaddy of all which I thought
was the greatest but it's not the
greatest follows it so the UN deal where
we give them a hundred and fifty billion
dollars we get nothing for nothing not
even get i mean ultimately we got a
prison sentence made a hundred and fifty
billion has got to be the greatest
ransom in history of you think about it
right I just thought of this hundred and
fifty billion dollars to the floor guys
we get a hundred and fifty that should
have never happened we should have
gotten those persons back four years ago
i three years ago we have a person's
before we start the division they gonna
say no we're gonna say bye bye was gonna
leave the negotiation now enjoy yourself
and then you ratchet up all of the
things that we do right you ratchet the
hell out of it and you come back they'll
get a call within one day or two days if
they're tough and they are they're great
negotiators and they'll say we're gonna
give you that I go a step further I say
one of the reporters from CNN CNN Dana
commonly known as danna Wednesday
he said something I was very interested
to trade down a badge she's a great
great reporter great talent great on-air
talent but she said something she said
you know you've been saying about your
father my father said son take the lumps
yet cause he said sometimes I'm to
direct and I learned from my father
because he was a great teacher I learned
take the lumps out so now go back we
have a presence back right now I go in
to see our great negotiated is the
iranians the Persians persians a great
negotiations now in the old days I would
have said we're not giving you the
hundred and fifty billion dollars and
they'll get angry will get angry
everybody's angry and sometimes it takes
a long time to recover from that so
that's the old days but you get wise
special and have asked my father that
teaches you write so now I say
differently as a gentleman we have a
problem we r 19 trillion dollars
the republicans just approved a budget
that's going to add another two trillion
dollars it took them like less than a
day to get this thing done it's an
embarrassment that they improved it the
only one that benefits of the democrats
they got everything they wanted funding
the Syrian refugees coming in funding
other refugees coming in funding illegal
immigrants they got everything they
wanted right so now I see it differently
I say we don't have the money sorry I
want to give you the money so badly will
have anything ok that's nice and saying
we're not giving it is now so they get
angry but not nearly as angry because by
the time I finished with them they'll
feel sorry for us
okay they'll say no no no and they live
in a week later will call back it will
make it will save a hundred and fifty
billion ok I guarantee we'll save a
hundred and will end up with an
agreement this better than what we have
now we never walk from that you think of
it one of the things you have to do
every 10 mins walk how do you negotiated
deal with their dancing in the streets
all over and calling us stupid burning
the flag this is before the deal got
done this celebrating the deal saying
how stupid we are saying it's one of the
greatest films ever made their dancing
industry the population is even saying
what a great deal buses right and we
keep going into a moment if they said
and dancing in the streets before I made
a deal I'd say I'm good idea because it
was embarrassing night we never once
walked from the deal and I kept waiting
for Obama to walk from the deal meaning
his his person secretary Kerry wouldn't
it be great
hey how about if I represented the
United States in city carry you know how
good that deal with you now good that
deal ok you know how good that deal that
we got one of the great business people
to negotiate that deal it would be like
trumpet that's ok so here we have this
deal that's a horror show 24 hour 24 day
inspection period but that doesn't start
the clock doesn't take India to a whole
process all sorts of other problems like
self inspection how about self
inspection remember Joe the you know
obama calls him the supreme leader is at
the supreme leader said I'm not calling
them the supreme leader now my supreme
leader
the supreme leader said the following
the sudden going on here I tell you
something very strange but how about you
call up and you say this is a self
inspection area where they get on some
very secret area where they probably
that's why I magnin their deal so it
goes up position we hear you may be
making nuclear in this area and you have
to inspect suspected call us back
yes we'd love to next day no problem is
a president we are in doing so we just
checked with self inspected where do
these people come from where do our
people come from and as bad as it is
it's worse
ok so I've been saying is one of the
great deals I've never seen greatest
deal I've ever seen to get a hundred and
fifty billion dollars we got nothing
right ok but then I thought to myself
wow it's not that's peanuts what else
are they getting they're getting iraq
they've wanted a wreck for ever forever
but we have a rack and they have a Rand
and they were always the same militarily
and they fight and I told us all the
time they fight and fight and fight they
will tend to be here 10 feet here
somebody uses gas against explode they
stopped fighting for a couple years then
they go back and they fight the line
never moves right they say it
neutralized and I said in 2003 2004
don't do it I didn't know about weapons
of mass destruction which are not that
they didn't have but one thing good
about if you look if you take any any
look bill leadership anything in Iraq
they used to kill terrorists right
saddam hussein killed late today it's
harvard for terrorism you let me tell
you go to Iraq Saddam Hussein used to
get great pleasure at of killing
terrorists wouldn't have these problems
like that so he would kill to have a
mess so what is initially came up in my
mind a couple reasons I talked about the
rental cuz I cannot believe how big a
deal it is it's a great example of bad
deal make it right and then I said what
is the best deal is that they're
actually getting our act so iraq has the
second largest oil reserves in early so
I ran is now getting around to take it
up just like you hear that take you to
know now they're getting Yemen and they
don't like him but they do like the
border between saudi arabia mean I'm
good at this stuff you know I talked
about I talked about bin Laden in my
book that was written in 2000 before the
World Trade Center came down and Joe
Scarborough great guy
Morning Joe they call them anybody know
Morning Joe great guy he heard about it
he got the bookies
talked about Osama bin Laden two years
before the World Trade Center came to
because I saw this guy on television
that is a reporter I watched I read some
papers about them I say he's a bad guy
you better do something I wrote about a
month before being taken out he should
have been taken out how did you manage
to take him out and he didn't do it he
had a chance to get him and he didn't do
it
bush-era done it but he didn't do it and
they didn't do it and the World Trade
Center came tumbling down thousands of
lives thousands and thousands worst
attack in the history of the United
States Western Pearl Harbor because it
was a civilian attacked not a military
attack Western pro so we have to go and
we have to get smart you have a Rand now
they're rich they don't have to build
nuclear they can afford to buy it and
you notice with spending all the money
they just bought a hundred and eighteen
Airbus jets thats boeing's competitor
boeing is here
airbus is over in europe didn't buy from
Boeing they bought from Airbus so they
brought in europe they're buying
missiles from russia there by all sorts
of stuff from Italy and other countries
in by anything from us
hundred and fifty billion they've given
us nothing we get nothing we get nothing
and then on top of it after the deal is
made they attack our 10 wonderful
sailors and they put a gun to the head
they drop among their needs put your
hands up and they have some rough guy
with a rough voice essentially screaming
at him right you heard humiliation now
they'd still be there there be there
forever except they're smart they didn't
get the hundred and fifty billion until
two days after that and didn't want to
say oh gee when I can get this morning
so they let him go
vicious vicious humiliation for us not
gonna happen with us it's not going to
happen to us just remember that
so so we're gonna be jumping the border
with it a deal with China very nicely
but we have a lot of power and we have a
lot of money that goes to them we don't
have a lot of money because they suck it
out but a lot of money goes to them we
rebuilt China what happens is last night
a missile off in North Korea and nobody
knows what it is this sort of saying
it's a satellite ok so there's a lot of
threats being made by this guy we have
28,000 soldiers on the line
lot of threats lot of threats South
Korea makes a fortune every time i buy
televisions thousands of television's a
year every time I by MyBB I am from
South Korea will make televisions
anymore in this country
ok we should we don't make televisions
anymore we used to make zenith and this
will make him anymore RCA so now you
gotta buy them from the thousands their
economic behemoth they pay as peanuts
they pay his penis should pay they
should pay at least break even at least
something they should pay we protect
Germany we protect your paper we protect
places you don't even know about I would
become good at this stuff because I'm
looking at it and you know when they say
we have ten times the budget and anyone
else you know why we do because we
protect all these countries the nothing
we put tech shoddy Arabia think of it I
know we protect Saudi Arabia Saudi
Arabia before the UL game down now
they're making half Saudi Arabia before
they all came down was making one
billion dollars a day and we protect
them we get peanuts and we leased land
from military bases we pay rent
okay it's over it's over it's over it's
over
so fiercely I don't have teleprompters I
don't have a speech that I'm reading
ladies and gentlemen is so nice to be
with you
new hampshire please vote for me if you
don't vote for me I'll never speak to
you again
all I want is you I will straighten it
out it's so easy
there's so much that when you talk about
some of the people that own businesses
know really what I'm saying when you
talk about and this is this is easier I
mean the numbers are bigger but this is
easier cuz you tell businesses you know
you look for every penny he talking
about trillions of dollars potentially
but we gotta straighten it out and we
have as an example our agreement with
our trading with japan if japan is
attack we have to attack and go to war
and fight or rejection ok if we're
attacked the deals we have so we're
attacked Japan doesn't have to help us
if they're attacked we have world war
three this folks gotta make it fair and
equitable ok all right
cell so I just because it's still
Hampshire and because you have that
tremendous problem with drugs will get a
stabbing you can have the drugs coming
into destroying your children can have
it anymore you're not going to have your
kids are gonna look all over the place
and then I can be able to find them to
be when mommy and daddy go to Florida
and they want to get drugs they're not
gonna find not gonna be all over the
streets and so cheap part of the problem
is this stuff is so cheap that's the
lure then I gotta find them they're not
gonna find them because we stop it up
and we can do it we have great Border
Patrol you know I started this where the
Border Patrol called me and they said
could you come to Laredo Texas I went to
Laredo Texas that's the first time
anybody so that the white house like
that guys that the white make America
great again right I went to lloyd I
spent a day these incredible people
these are people that want to do the job
and they're being told Stanback stand
back let two ppl flows row leave them
alone don't touch anybody he saw the
recent you know declaration if you catch
anybody let him go but down
what's going on to you and we have a
massive problem
illegal immigrants we have a hundred and
seventy nine thousand criminal illegal
immigrants in the country right now
these are people convicted of crimes
some of them are rough newt's one
hundred and seventy nine thousand people
that's bigger than any city in new
hampshire you know that it's bigger than
anything we have a hundred and seventy
nine thousand illegal these are
criminals I'm not talking about a little
I'm talking about illegal can have it
it's over we're getting them out with
the strongest quarters and by the way
people coming into our country but they
going to come in legally through a
process that gonna comment
ok they gonna come in legally so I just
want to thank you all for coming I it's
a great honor to have so many people and
now take my hour and a half drive back
the other way I think I missed the super
bowl of these are minor details I
couldn't care less but I i just want to
say I love you folks you're amazing
people amazing amazing people and on
Tuesday go out and vote and hopefully
vote-rich I'm actually if you're not
going to vote for jump don't go out I
get a lot of a lot of these files are
not important who you vote for but you
have to go through the process I feel
differently if you're not going to vote
for me do not vote ok we love you all
have a good time make America great
again thank you thank you thank you

you know this all started we had a hotel
and we're gonna have about 250 or 300
people and the hotel was great they
called they said something's happening
here we can hold this is crazy what's
going on and then we went to the
convention center they can have 10,000
people and we're all set and we're
excited and the next day they said too
many people we can put them in so we
came here
today if you notice we have a stock
market that doing so well we have a
country not doing so well we've been
saying it for a long time we have
politicians other than the few
politicians that are with us and I will
exclude them but we have politicians it
don't have a clue they're all talk and
no action what's happening to this
country is disgraceful
and you know what I had said I was
running for president I brought up I
brought up the subject of illegal
immigration and I took a lot of heat
that I can tell you rush limbaugh sorry
said incoming he got more incoming than
anybody I've ever see
and two weeks later everybody was
apologizing to me they saw that I was
right between what happened in San
Francisco to do incredible Kate and her
family is such an incredible family and
Jimmy land so many people have been so
badly hurt the other day in California
last week a woman sixty-six years older
veteran was killed raped sodomized
tortured and killed by an illegal
immigrant we have to do it we have to do
something we have to do
we're going to talk with you have a lot
of fun I you know the weather's it is
dicey thats ok but who cares if it rains
right
range I'll take off my how to improve
I'll prove once and for all that is mine
ok so we're gonna talk about a lot of
different subjects in and you know it's
nice Friday night but that right what
that what's better
that built this country that's what we
have here i mean the people that built
the country great people so we'll start
with the little talk or on the illegal
immigration what's going on
gotta stop it we're going to build a
wall and it's going to be you know it's
amazing the politicians 10 years ago
fifteen years ago they all wanted a wall
but it never went it never happened
because somebody didn't want to probably
a lobbyist you know all these guys like
bush and like hillary clinton they're
all taken care of
I don't know you know
hillary has sixty million dollars and
when jeb bush when Jeff Bush was totally
in favor of Common Core week on
immigration live very weak on
immigration wants to let people come in
although now he is using anchor baby you
know he put out a memo you cannot use a
good baby now because I used it he's
using it
politicians but when they have in his
case a hundred and fourteen million
dollars in hillary's case she's got
sixty no I don't know that she's gonna
make it to the gate what do you think
make it to the gate some bad things came
out today
you know those classified you know the
word classified you know they've
destroyed General Petraeus over less and
nothing seems to be happening here so it
will be very interesting to see what
happens ultimately but we have right now
and I i just got these numbers today I
said what are the seven and a half
percent of all of us in this country
illegal goods can afford it and they
supposed to stay in I turned out to be
right the 14th amendment amendment I was
right you can do something with it and
you can do something fast you can do
something fast
300,000 babies a year three hundred
thousand that you have to take care of
we all have to take care of and you know
in the case of other countries including
Mexico they don't do that doesn't work
that way you know one day and all of a
sudden we have another American citizen
it doesn't work that way
Mexico doesn't do it other places don't
do it very few places do it with the
only place just about that stupid enough
to do it
I just decided to run I got an amazing
receptor we have to set a Zeppelin
non-politician the other day served jury
duty
used to put down politician but I will
say this we have a great politician here
we have the men here really hope that
he's the one person I saw his counsel
because he's been so spot-on he's so
highly respected has anybody ever heard
of Senator Jeff Sessions
unbelievable died
somebody in the presence of stand up for
them
traditions of this country we welcome
you here thank you for the work you put
into the immigration issue I'm really
impressed with your plan I'm know it
will make a difference in this crowd
shows a lot of people agree with that
graduation
help so I go around and I see so many
people and I've been treated so well by
the people and you know we're leading in
every poll with leading in just about
every state
including Alabama
Florida
and you know it's really amazing I said
well flood I love Florida it's a great
place right but Florida we have a
governor and we have a sitting senator
and I'm killing them
obviously not doing a very good job is
that shouldn't be happening but we're
waiting in Pennsylvania Iowa New
Hampshire South Carolina North Carolina
texts
usually where we're just absolutely way
ahead of everybody else in fact you know
if this were another country we could
maybe call for an expedited election
right I would love to do that I'd like
to have the election tomorrow I don't
wanna way so the reason that I think we
see this receptivity is that I know the
game better than anybody I've been on
the other side you know I was totally
establishment was hand in millions of
dollars all the time do these characters
right I was I was like the fair-haired
boy do I look fair haired black
but I understand it so many people have
come up lobbyist I said I don't want
money from lobbyists but recently last
week comes up I don't want your money
because I don't know maybe I'll
rethinking everything ok how about this
happen if I take his money but in the
end I school and don't do anything I
promise I won't do anything for told
them I said you know I don't want your
money comes in two years when you come
to see me about something I'm not doing
it unless it's good and less gonna make
America great again right right
I'm gonna have to rethink and I think
I'm gonna rethink that because I think I
should take a lot of money allowed to
give it to charity or so just take it so
what happens is these guys come up and
I'm lucky you know everybody said he's
never gonna run ok you know that right
and my wife actually said you know if
you pretty well I just the reaction that
for a long time whether its trump the
art of the deal which Obama and carry
obviously did not read when they did
this crazy deal with that but I love
that book you know I said the other day
and it sort of played pretty well that
is my second overall via el perro via
that is nice to me that book the art of
the deal and that's the real one that's
original
that's when they use real paper right
said the other day so many people to
carry around the art of the deal because
India politicians please please read the
art of the deal when you negotiate with
China and Japan Mexico and with vietnam
and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody
you know right now we have a problem
where north korea's getting frisky right
now
recently I ordered four thousand
television said I'd like to order it
from here like the Hudson made in
America can you believe I was able to
find the guy you know these had two hot
as a pistol you know that and then made
in America and I'm gonna give you book
believe you haven't forgotten about you
but then made in America but the other
day and now I see today it's pretty hot
on the news that are very dear friend
from North career is acting a little bit
rambunctious again so I ordered four
thousand television sets from South
Korea whether it's Samsung or LG or any
of them they're all made in south korea
I paid a fortune and a wonderful
wonderful people we don't do everybody
that makes television sets in this
country almost like don't think so right
so they're mostly made other than Sony
which has lost his way
prices are too high but mostly made in
South Korea soon LHC North Korea is
acting up so I see that we're sending
ships and we're getting our troops ready
we have 28,000 troops and we're getting
ready just in case bob was gonna play
with it to protect what we get
Arabian I get along great with all of
our partners for me they spend forty
million sixty million am I supposed to
dislike them I like
very much but you know saudi arabia
makes one billion dollars a day to day
26 before they all went down a little
bit but that's okay these are minor
details but let's say they were so now
they're making a half a billion today
that we get nothing and they wouldn't be
there without protection even Germany
Germany's of power who has a
mercedes-benz anybody lot of people
there are power nothing we defend the
whole world
nice somebody said all that's like the
Mafia defense I said don't worry about
it the month is not so stupid that's
terrible to ask for money they said it
should that's terrible how can you
possibly ask for money to defend the
country i mean tell me tell me so now
we're sending our ships were sending
everything we gotta tell what does
28,000 troops that we have right now on
the border between North and South Korea
that's dangerous territory they're in
harm's way they're in harm's way and we
get nothing good competitor compete with
us they take our trade will lose a
fortune with them we would support you
with china we defend Japan you know we
have an agreement with japan where
somebody attacks Japan we have to come
to their rescue but if we can detect
doesn't have to help us do you think
that's a good deal
that's not a mic sergeant Bergdahl has
anybody heard of such a traitor
don't know the trader I called President
Obama the 541 president we get sergeant
pergola trader who by the way six people
at least that we don't have six people
were killed trying to get this guy back
six people they went after him they
wanted to get him back so we get
sergeant Bergdahl and they get five
people that they desperately wanted two
years right now back on the battlefield
trying to kill everybody including US
House stupid our way how stupid you know
the reason we have crowds and no matter
where I go the other night we're in new
hampshire we we had some new hampshire
was so incredible to Craig W every time
I go on television is gonna be live I
should have a rest police tonight is
live on Fox Sports
CNN
and it's going to be at its live on
MSNBC
really incredible I really appreciate
you especially with this weather in this
heat everything else but the reason is
because I do know and I don't say that a
break and dishes like you people are
looking for somebody that knows what
he's doing whatever it is
I was saying so they said I wasn't gonna
run and everyone so he's never gonna run
never gonna run he's just having fun
just a good time is branded like I care
brand this point this macy's because I
said about illegal immigration they drop
my Brendan I'm supposed to be
regardless regardless I had too soon
Univision Univision my poor miss univers
people that beautiful beautiful women
some girls are beautiful women and I get
dropped by think of it you have these
magnificent women that work all their
life to be in the Miss USA contest in
the mission and two weeks before the
contest NBC and Univision drop because
they thought my tone was a little bit
strong and it turned out I was like good
news I saw them both
in the case of Univision I see him for
five hundred million dollars I want that
money I want down
so I actually put it on the other day
the Miss Universe Miss USA I put it on
because it was only fair to the people
and we had it on this small network and
it was fine but because they want to be
so politically correct they actually
called and they said oh we'll get that
going to get it back on soon
you know the case of a couple they said
losses NASCAR was all over the world in
front of my clothes because I opened
with a strong statement meaning illegal
immigration problem so all of the one
day was Nazca from losses NASCAR it
turned out it turned out that I lost
nesco you know they did they rented a
ballroom it dropped around can you
believe that was my losses and by the
way I kept their deposit and read it to
somebody else
the next day
ES seven skies with trumpets all over
the world
ESPN I have friends call me from Paris
he's a great businessman Alex too bad
about what happened to inspect you know
it was a golf outing and one of my
courses are you believe this is my big
deal and it was all over the world in
the press
I don't know maybe they didn't get it
maybe they don't get it I was very
disappointed there with me sees you know
certain does not a big deal but they
heard they're gonna be three pickets in
front of the store and they called
pickets were gonna tickets I said look
into our gonna believe that go for lunch
they won't come back don't worry about
godless people and so the reason that
we're getting this receptivity which is
like this all over the place is because
this is a good sign the big document
which is a one-page document which
basically you're giving your life away
and and then they can't believe the
pundits you know they get paid a half a
million dollars a year to sit there and
make jokes are themselves right column
funders some great summer really
incompetent I will tell you the ones but
you know what I think I can now you know
you know she says I don't know which one
to five left there were about 15 but
they're starting to come in but what
happens is that this is probably not as
rich as I said actually one of the
reasons I want to recommend 110 billion
dollars that's good right very little
debt very little debt
exactly as it has a line for income and
income with psych I think it's over four
hundred million dollars a year
good my son is here look at you can live
on that it says your online income and
it's like you know there is a different
things but basically over 400 million a
year 365 is there anybody that would not
want to make that much money and when
you hear anybody really well with it
comes responsibility but I will tell you
this reason people like what i'm saying
is because I want to put that energy
whatever the hell kind of energy is I
don't know if it's screwed up it's good
if it's whatever it is I know how to do
things and I'm not gonna do I i won't
care about you know we're building a
great building on pennsylvania avenue
right opposite between as you know the
white house and the old post office real
estate business slogan always get the
post office post office in washington D
C and I got it from the Obama
administration can you believe that's
cool deal making one of the most
sought-after buildings in the history of
the general services administration and
I got it and you know what they did the
right thing because we're doing a great
job and we had a great statement they
want to make sure it gets done and it'll
be opening and here's a little story
it's now under budget and ahead of
schedule do you ever hear that from
government
and we just finished around a lot of
great job and my son is here eric has
anybody ever heard of the vodka has
anybody let them run and I'm not gonna
let him do any big deals but you know
what I won't care about that company my
whole energy shares my whole energy my
whole being is going to be to make our
country rich and to make our country
great again and my primary it's a great
attitude I've always had an aptitude for
making money some people would say that
mr. Trump that's very kress you said
your gonna make the country rich in
order to make our country great I had to
get rich again we're debtor nation he
agreed do you agree with me yes I can't
see anybody with a sign that big ass to
it so I will devote a thousand percent I
couldn't care less about your post
office I couldn't care less about any of
our stuff my kids are really good very
nicely and I just wanna make this
country so and that's what's going to
happen and that's what's gonna
as an example a couple examples in
Alabama USA steel enclosure essentially
a closure and I said why what happened
and I went around and I said anybody
work there no I don't think so I hope
but big closure and one of the reasons
that China is dumping so much steel into
the United States and other company
other countries also but China I love
that sign look at that
wow wow that's true except the only
problem is you're breaking everybody's
design is good thank you SO saina is
dumping tremendous amounts of steel into
our country the government is
subsidizing it it's almost like they
want us to just die and they have no
respect for us and again like Saudi
Arabia the largest bank in the world is
in one of my buildings they buy
apartments they spend so much money am I
gonna dislike them I love them
the problem is that I say it all the
time their leaders are really smart
they're really coming they're really
sharp and we have dummies right we have
dummies we have done these
people that don't have a clue I don't
know you know some people say they're
bad people I don't think I think they're
incompetent people a lot of people think
they've been I don't think they've been
I think they're in town so you look at
China and what they've done and you know
last week and I said this and I've been
saying bubble for a long time you've
been hearing it last week they devalue
their currencies and we're having a lot
of hard times because of what they do
and when I hear devaluation of the
Chinese currency you know the word the
sucking action that's cool to something
like a vacuum to suck in action
two things happen two things get sucked
out of us our jobs and our money not
think of it
china shop product takes takes place
manufactured for us and we owe them one
point four trillion dollars that's like
a magic act called the magic act in
reverse
we owe them money Japan Japan is that
they have abused a new prime ministers
you know is really smart I mean he's
sixty minutes and they doing this
feature and Caroline Kennedy and she's
very nice you know why i like it because
he likes anybody that my daughter likes
like anybody my daughter like we love
you so so what happens and they should
have a very important position because
we negotiate you know you need somebody
killer dumped you need somebody so they
said how did you get the impression she
said well this is a pretty close you can
check it out well I don't know
I wanted a job and had nothing to do so
I went to the white house and I said
could have a job to do and they should
how would you like to be ambassador to
japan and she should really killers
killers but I will put the meanest
Marcus smart it with the best in the
world we don't use them we used
political hacks diplomats we as people
who don't have any business ability we
have people use people that have never
done a job somebody stole my blame them
and as an example Carl Icahn did anyone
ever hear he's an unbelievably brilliant
tough business so cold i didnt wear them
two nights ago I said you know Carl I'm
doing pretty well I'm leaving every poll
believe it either and I said get there I
want you to oversee the negotiations
with China China and Japan I'll do it
I'll do it is like
blood coming out of her eyes with hatred
he had blood coming out of he will do it
is unbelievable negotiate an
unbelievable negotiator and I know what
I know the best I know the worst I know
the ones that are overrated I know the
ones that you've never heard about or
read about that are better than all of
them but calls one of the great cities
very famous a very rich and he would
love to do it gives him that he knows
what's happening so they send their
stuff over here and actually somebody
the other day said what china has done
to the United States is the greatest
single theft in the history of the world
we've rebuilt china we've rebuilt China
so you know we have free trade the
problem with free trade is when you have
free trade very important you need
competent leaders that's the one problem
with free trade I like free trade I'm
free trade negotiators a great lives we
don't have that we're getting killed by
everybody we don't make good use
everybody is killing so we will have
believable as a friend of mine is a
manufacturer and he's trying to do
business with China and what is going on
is a good manufacturer makes great
product better than what they do they
don't want to just because you know it's
impossible to do business I can get my
dumpling soup over here comes in by the
ship and then now building big factories
in China don't blame China
I respect them angry them angry at our
leaders to be so stupid thing you know
mexico china the other day
nabisco this glorious right cause I love
the Orioles I'm never eating again
disco closes a plant they just announced
couple of days ago in Chicago and then
moving the plant to mexico y
have you heard my story my favorite
stories for you heard the story with 42
we want to hear it again or not
alright that's a big 10 4 great company
building a 2.5 billion dollar car
factory in places all over the United
States shipbuilding this massive factory
in mexico so I went to this great school
I was actually you know I went to this
great place the Wharton School of
Finance artist gonna get it even then it
was hard to get into the artist but I
went great business school and I get
business I totally understand another
plant plant being built to get started
they're going to announce it in
Tennessee you read about it and is a
couple of months ago
Wall Street Journal all set to get
started all of a sudden Mexico took it
away and now it's time to be built in
tennessee is going to be built in Mexico
so sort is building a plant and here's
what I did I said to myself I give
myself this does it really is sort of
myself and I say let's assume that
somebody else becomes president would be
horrible
somebody else becomes president let's
assume a very low energy person very
very low energy so low energy that every
time you watch him you fall asleep
Hilary Hilary Rosen
happens in like I said you schools go to
hell
people flow over there but forgetting
about that so let's say the jet doesn't
want us to win so they get a call him to
head of ford president we want to build
it well we don't want to be the next day
or the next hour he's gonna get a call
from the lobbyists and special interests
in his donors and I gotta say hey Jim we
give you eight million dollars of your
one hundred and twenty million that you
raised we gave you $1,000,000 we want
that thing don't you can't do that our
people
ok a little bit it's going to get done
today the plant will get built now let's
take slump is it ok that better
CNN does this big report that came out
last week's hours leading in the polls
and everybody says why don't I have a
pollster what they'll do I need a poster
every day I wake up is another bowl
right they pay these guys like $100,000
a month and they can't function because
the list ago and haven't visited with a
pulsar they can talk and I say why do I
need a pollster when every day there's a
new poll and they give like 30 pages I
don't have to get a pollster what the
hell do I needed save you money but it's
really very very expensive very well
done only well done cause I was leading
by a lot of ways it and they had
leadership I was way ahead of everyone
would be great at the people on it but
the thing and I do very well at it
military I am good guy
build our military it will be so strong
and so powerful and so great
so great to use it nobody's gonna mess
with us folks nobody nobody's gonna miss
me
country and by the way one of them are
we gonna take care of its right
another poll but they did a poll on like
who's one of the most popular with it
that's I was the most popular person
like me and I love them because you know
why
thirty-five years these senators and
these other than Jeff but hers is
congressman these people in Washington
including presidents have done nothing
for the vids and we're gonna take care
of our so they do this though and in the
poll I almost everything other than they
thought it was a nice person woman came
up to me she said I'm not sure that your
nice enough to be president I said you
know what this is not going to be an
election based on a nice person it's
going to be based on a competent person
with higher
I want the economy I want jobs I want
leadership by massive numbers like I
wanted all these categories
why do we need it unless you don't need
election these are such important
categories but I had an amazing
experience because the time I announced
almost other than the first week it was
a rough week but the press which is by
the way
largely very dishonest I have to say
this the political media I actually
think I actually think that the
political media is less popular than
Congress can you believe it and congress
is on those congress is almost no rating
and internal affairs with all this
camera 0 live in the trying to shut off
the camera right now but you know what
their own lives and so many live cameras
but look at thank you
the media's very dishonest but there is
a certain group that are fantastic
people and every once in a while I'll
get an honest story and I love it like
cherishes not often but they chairs but
we we have you have to stay in and they
have to really started treating me much
better don't forget when I first read
it's amazing
went to a great school my uncle was a
professor at MIT was a smart guy you
know good guy right good family we
believe in the gene thing I do like they
used to say Secretariat does it produce
Louis is actually secretary was it one
of the best of you one other dude but
interior thats but then I went out and
made a tremendous tremendous fortune and
great company I did the art of the deal
and many books are best-sellers was one
of the biggest-selling maybe the biggest
selling business books of all time I did
the apprentice love the apprentice
commander because they renewed the
apprentice and I said excuse me I'm not
doing it I'm running the country great
again they actually
actually came up to my office and the
top people great people from NBC and
they said please please run run and i
said im not running advertising and I'm
going to make our country do something
we're gonna do something so so I look at
the landscape I look at where we're
going look at where we've been we've had
a horrible number of years a horrible
number of years we can't beat Isis I
watched a general the other day on
television was just retiring which is
why do you think will do against Isis I
don't know it's going to be very tough
can you believe this
General George Patton General Douglas
MacArthur are spinning in their graves
as you listen to their spinning in their
graves and I look at what's going on
with the landscape and then I I get to
meet all of the people that I've met
over the last time and I want to tell
you it's been it's been amazing it's
been really and I want to finish up with
a couple of little points one of them is
I love is by the way
I love the story because it's so when I
get the call I say in the United States
gonna say no we don't want to let me
tell you sir you gonna build in the
United States and I will be called by
people but I will not have any of them
money so I don't care and they're gonna
say I'll call them in and I'll say
listen here's the story building
billion dollars in mexico charge you a
tremendous little 35% tax five percent
is going to be for every car in every
part of every truck that comes into the
united states and here's what's going to
happen here's what's going to happen you
sure you standing or sitting there going
to come back to me the following day I
would say the following afternoon let's
say it's twelve I say by the time the
day I don't need call i can only
describe stories and they're gonna come
back and they gonna say mister president
of the National get caught by the
lobbyists are gonna get caught by this
pressure and I'm just say no interest no
it within 24 hours they were gonna say
mister president what you doing to a
sister but we will build the Union the
United States we will build the plant
and 100% and all say the same thing to
nabisco it doesn't help us it doesn't
help us when you look at what's going on
when you look at what's going on we're
in the business closing in so many
places are closing when you look at the
kind of money that these countries are
making and i'm naming of steel I mean so
many countries we don't have anything
left we're running on fumes we're
running on fumes there's nothing here
when you look at what happens there's so
much sharper this so much smarter and
we're not gonna have a country left we
need to have our borders
we need to make great deals you know the
man in the back
how would you like to be israel right
now they relied on us
sanity great people and we have a deal
that is so incompetent so bad think of
the deal we make a deal
our chief negotiator goes into a bicycle
race at 73 years old he pulls you breaks
his leg that was the good part of our
deal that was the only thing that
happened and I told people last week as
I told this list I swear to you I will
never ever ride a bicycle but we have a
new thing that just came up yesterday in
the deal we know all about the 24 day
period but the 24 day period that
doesn't start that clock does it start
ticking for a long time for a long time
so that can be forever so they're doing
something believe me by the time we get
there but he's the all-time great why
aren't they giving us back up residues
and second can you believe this did you
believe it
and second of all the other day it was
determined that Iran in a very important
section maybe the most important right
is going to do their own policing
police
they are going to police and they are
going to tell us we swear we're not
building anything it's it's it's so sad
Obamacare
we are going to repeal and replace it
we are going to come up with a plan and
there are so many different ways you
know you don't know this because you
don't think Obama is you know who the
biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare on
the insurance companies insurance
companies remember I told you special
interests and lobbyists the insurance
companies love it we can have such great
plans it would get rid of the artist
racial lines around every day I have a
huge huge company and 101 group they
don't negotiate some of the people that
own businesses know what I'm talking
about the insurance companies are still
protected they're making a fortune gonna
make it so competitive we're gonna get
rid of the artificial barriers
great plan and Obamacare I mean you look
at what's happening with your premiums i
mean look at this look at what's
happening just take a look at what's
happening to the deductibles this
highest possible it's impossible
health care we're gonna fix it women's
health issues we're gonna fix you know
my wife came up to me the other day and
she said it's really sad because people
don't understand how you cherish woman I
want to protect women so important I
heard some of the other candidates jeb
and some of the other 0 the day saying
we're not gonna fun various women's
health issues can you believe this I
said that's the end of his election win
I don't think like that do much do we
agree and he said
women's health issues
a few hours later he came back and he
said he misspoke but women's health
issues so important
we're going to end up taking our country
we are going to make it so strong so
powerful so loved by people again so
love you no problems that we have but
you see it is a tremendous lack of
spirit and I actually thought that
President Obama the one thing he was
inexperienced team ever produced the job
lots of other things but I actually
thought that he would be great really
great cheerleader for the country when
he was elected I thought that he would
and he's really turned out to be a great
divider as opposed to a great deal
and Baltimore you look at Ferguson you
look at st. Louis last night over the
last week you look at all the things
that are happening we're sitting on
Patrick X is no say there's no jobs
anything we are going to take this
country I am going to be the greatest
jobs president that God ever created
I will tell you that I will
you know I oftentimes say the American
dream is dead but I'm gonna make it
bigger and stronger and more powerful
than ever before
that's what's going to happen I am going
to make this country bigger and stronger
and better and you're gonna love it i
love u president and we're gonna turn
this place around be so proud
whole thing is make America great again
we are going to make america better than
it's ever been and we're gonna love
doing it and we're gonna have fun doing
it and I just want to thank everybody
just has been really really thank you
thank you very much

every night you know last night we were
in Baton Rouge we broke the record held
for many years by Elton John my friend
elton john
12,000 for a five thousand outside
tonight we have my guest much more than
that we have thousands of people outside
russia has happened
niggas the record right there
I just want to thank everybody you know
what is this is a movement this is just
a normal situation and I wish the press
which other state but they don't do that
you know that
people
they never ever do it last night we set
a record and one of the reporters
actually called and apologized because
they refused to write the real number
and actually called it appalling I won't
say who because actually the person is
not a bad person looking to people I
meet you believe this
one of the biggest crowds
people started lining up seven hours ago
see what they don't know is there may be
the best I can see they may be the best
in December Wednesday
way but they don't know maybe the best
location but these people who are going
to be famous
your smile and have a good time
me personally it was up to me now you
waited what 78 hours it was up to me it
was up to me I think I might rather be
there wanna be famous
racism and thank you
and it turned out that the financial
jobs at Bank of America and I putted it
when I talk about it it's a little
embarrassing but it's so good almost a
hundred pages long
ahead of schedule even these politicians
have like one page and their 45 days
later I put it in and said I said you've
got it do it on time on time and under
budget right like the state
and we put it in and they went back to
look at the number this media back this
is crazy
because they wanted very little debt
tremendous cash flow rate company and
I'm not pregnant I'm saying that kind of
thinking our country needs
because we are in serious serious
trouble and you know I say it alot our
country doesn't win anymore and I have
another way of saying I have another way
out we don't use all the time but it
doesn't sound as good
our country doesn't win anymore we don't
win we win with the military I system of
the military
because Harris 22 veterans commit
suicide in one day and you believe who I
think that's possible I said you mean a
week you mean a month a year they can't
get treated they can't get service they
wait for four five six days in a waiting
room can you imagine you go to a doctor
doctors I'm streaming
can you imagine you wait in a waiting
room for four five six days and at the
end of that you don't even get service a
lot of times they leaving that going on
vacation
we're going to take care of our best are
great people willing to take care
she came out last week the cover of time
and incredible story written by somebody
who's a real writer a really talented
person in the media
you don't say that often these this
person and you know it's amazing I never
struck should do better and maybe I
should never speak to these people it
was the best and it talked about this
phenomenon and it really is no matter
where we go this is packed thousands and
thousands of people outside we have
screens set up from outside we have
thousands of people outside you'd rather
be here right
and Virage she was barrages by thousands
of people and they were angry because
she was making it sound like anger is a
bit and angry angry because we're run
incompetently by incompetent people
35,000 people we have crowded schedule
data beyond belief in new hampshire we
were sending every record no matter
where we go we said this is a record
tonight you can see it
because I feel the same
you know a friend of mine is a very
powerful businessmen and used people
like this by the way with Mexico and
China and Japan we have people that a
political acts he said to me how the
hell did you do that you watch the other
night on television we had a place it
was amazing to watch one of the most
successful people he said that's nothing
look at all the cameras back there two
hundred and thirty reporters two hundred
and thirty Press he said how do you do
it I said you know there was such an
issue I swear this is true there is so
much love in the room it's easy
there is nobody else has
between 230 and they go in and the
bullets going in one direction and if a
few people and I say sometimes I look at
the audience that guy right there that
right
that beautiful woman right here but if
we had guns strapped right onto the way
believe me if we had a gun strapped onto
the bullet going in the opposite way too
different story however the military
base a year ago we had five so great gun
free zone right
done job nobody better with guns and
weapons and this man won all the awards
the other foot rachel is wacko shoot
guns of four hundred yards away
gun free zone you know when you say the
sick baby we get rid of my gun free zone
problems because actually we have
$21.21 how much
number one place
and I say
the United States is the largest
purchase drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs
but that doesn't have the right people
so they have the region because without
that and then you have
with the evangelicals in the United
find out you know yesterday we always
talk about china and the president of
china our trading partner a wonderful
partner they take if they can't be the F
35 play the fighter right you know about
that did you hear about that you can't
tell the difference you look at it the
company plans and they did I guarantee
you write down the most complicated
mathematical solutions all done
hundred-percent stolen off our web and
day and that's right hilary
but every time I go after what I don't
understand when you see the night and
then how could you do that how many
why what is going on and why and then
you look at the bottom you can possibly
do that i mean that's like 24 hours a
day
who can do that many 22,000 that's like
one little match so I don't know hilary
is gonna get a chance to win by the way
I'm beating her in the polls
I'd love to run against wright also love
to run against the communists I never
thought
today in our country when you think
about it when a communist
the real numbers come out she's really I
watched them I say you mean we have this
great country we have this so i watch i
watch this great country and if that the
best we can do that's pretty sad when
you think of it
so we love
so I would around hundreds of acres
right in the middle of miami right near
the airport we had a big Darrell
tournament championship and it's great
nobody else has
jobs with dead with related and a lot of
places in my life going to know about it
a lot of money I love this state I love
this day but but I've created tremendous
numbers of jobs down so drought market
was bad that's when you like to buy
right when the markets bit so I go in
and we signed a contract everybody
wanted everybody we go ahead and I
signed a consistent way the country
should help i'm saying because this is
the way the country should be run so I
go in and was very competitive everybody
wanted to but I was the first one they
had to sell it as a lot of problems and
I bought it and I signed contract I
signed contract for a hundred and
seventy million dollars for 170 which is
very cheap but it had to be redone you
know in the meantime you see what we did
I spent a lot of money minute incredible
the best so and a lot of people who work
in a lot of good people a lot of
Hispanics are working there
and by the way by the way by the way
today I just settled with Univision
but a lot of this work for me I've been
through a house in 2000 and a lot and we
have a lot but the route so I signed
contract 472 right now I go in for a run
into an interview with now I'll do it
ready to sign a contract and then I say
no this just remember what we have to do
with China Mexico where everyone's
moving it to Mexico I just heard carrier
Air conditioners moving in the business
is moving in
United everybody by the way how quiet
house you know he's my friend but he's
really a pain to keep quiet quiet quiet
he's not a protester but Mancini
so they're all moving into mexico y by
drought 170 we haven't closed yet and I
said to my daughter Ivanka has anybody
heard of it
and I go through it was gonna make it
but it's really bad so I go back and I
need all these guys from the Wharton
School from Harvard and i said im not
gonna pay 170 I'm not doing too much
money if I didn't promise that I
wouldn't use bad language I would have
used much stronger like it would have
been more interesting than the places in
lousy condition I don't like it I'm not
pay tribute to frighten me they said no
way I'll give you a hundred they said no
way
hundred should know what to watch for me
it's fun it's again for John Kerry its
work its labors
is that the saddest
but for me it's just a fun whether I
paid for a good price you got at the
right time so I said if we go in we meet
these geniuses I say you got to cut the
price it's not what you told us I did it
it's fiction it's a terrible terrible
shape you got it the way they should
know what will make somebody else to
break it they should in no way no way
we're gonna do it within about three
minutes haitian how much would you take
I said I'll give you a hundred and ten
they should we can do that we can get
away after about four minutes we agreed
to take twenty million off I paid 200
for four minutes work as a twenty
million dollars
right now we have now you take $100
dollars and it took forever
two days later I'm elected president
they would have been out
we don't mean for us for our people
getting those hostages back to say no
when you leave within a couple of days
Palace hundred and fifty what does
hostages landed about two seconds later
tell us how you doing a hundred and
fifty billion sorry we don't have the
money we owe 19
we don't have the money
let's go two hundred and by the way this
is in like maybe a hundred percent 100%
but we have people that don't know what
they're doing like John Curry our
secretary of state
we have
that don't know what the Persians a
great negotiators ok negotiated you look
at what they did he never once we did
every single point we have a 24 day
inspection they have with a self-respect
can you imagine a nuclear deal and we
don't know what we call up with a
complaint and they said will call you
back tomorrow we will inspect the area
they call you back tomorrow and they say
the president everything's fine now you
know the supreme leader we won't use the
term supreme leader ok he says we've
just spoken to the supreme leader
probably because they want to kill you
China two thousand years ago they didn't
have caterpillar tractor by the way
13,000 miles it's a massive wall it does
work you know the world's work asked
israel's walls were believe how about
Europe some of the countries in Europe
that weren't suckers to what happened
with the migration like Merkel of
Germany when she did to Germany and they
want to build walls around their own
countries down because much going on in
Europe nobody knows where these people
from and we all have a big heart I have
a big heart you bill to allow millions
of people to fill because their leaders
are stupid leaders and you have to see
the crime in Germany now the crime in
Sweden so what happened with the
beginning to rebound
doesn't have the people
the press
illegal immigration and nobody from the
media by the way but they have to leave
he said
the president
not gonna happen
we're going down fast
trash
and it's not gonna happen in the world
and we have some
three years we can't do it any longer
well we're not gonna be the stupid
people anymore something happening
we have we have you don't really mean
we're gonna build a wall to do
absolutely 100%
build a wall gonna be real wall
right now we have loved you say they
build ramps I don't know what they just
don't not go over the wall that bill
ramps over the wall up and it probably
is a severe penalty for not getting
they've been no we don't give severe
penalties right now
a severe penalty you know we have great
Border Patrol I was in laredo texas and
I was asked I was the guest of the
border patrol they called and they said
would love to see you
great people and they want to protect
and they can do it but they're told to
stand back let people come through it is
so are within Obama signs executive
order let everyone we've lost control if
we don't have a broader we don't have a
country folks have a country so these
guys nice guys some of them and they
said he was gonna build it would simply
you know fifteen years ago they wanted
to build a wall they could build it
because they couldn't get the
environmental impact statement approved
can you believe
they have they have also want two things
they couldn't get it environment can you
believe this I've been saying the oil
right over I've been saying for years
and now finally it took Paris and who is
the first one to bomb the French can you
believe that won the French the French
but I've been saying for years and what
happens they don't do it one of the
reasons because the environment through
can you believe why do you think General
George Patton would general douglas
macarthur are great modern day general
what do you think they would tell you
right now
yeah I'm the only one I said don't go
into Iraq I'm the most militaristic
person in this room except for that guy
right day probably be on the
militaristic person in this room
believe me we're going to build on
military so big so we are going to be
nobody's gonna play with us nobody's
gonna miss
best-equipped I think I make it a
struggle would never gonna have to use
it I actually think we can do it but
right I think it's the cheapest thing we
can do
we have to check what he said at least
four like many years but I actually
think he's a are prepared and this is
what we need with all these maniacs
coming in when we want to take people
from the migration line we have no idea
who that we have absolutely no idea they
have no paperwork there is absolutely no
way we can never tell and I'll tell you
folks would not take it on and if we do
take him from somebody else was sending
back that we have no choice we have
and we have to
like they used to be done and the people
of our country they're incredible people
and they really love the country
and 100%
how could you get them because the cost
of the law is peanuts I haven't even
figured out the cost the cost of the law
is peanuts absolute peanuts compared to
the kind of money that mexico is making
off the United States and that's not
including all of the drugs that are
flowing right
that's not a
so these guys will never ever asked out
if you talk about that Mexico has
lobbyists believe it or not everybody
has a lobbyist every person that deals
with the united states have lobbyists
and special interest so when they come
to me they should lift layoff Mexico
little bit you know they can't do that
because nobody gave me money and I
wouldn't do it and I'm working for one
group of people and that's this group of
people
the head of his finance committee is a
friend of mine is putting Johnson he's
from Johnson and Johnson Woody Johnson
Johnson and Johnson has a hard time with
the jet Johnson is a good guy he's the
head of his finest so then you wonder
why is it that the politicians don't put
out drugs to competitive bidding and
then he wouldn't Johnson died when he
was governor we have what kind of cities
do we haven't welcome is right we have
sanctuary cities in Florida while he was
right after he left Florida went down I
would see a Florida went to hell and
this is what we have but in doing so
when you have what do you know you have
other woody Johnson's feeding other
people in other industries taking care
of all these people so when they go up
and then they say 200
some twenty-five years but i dont wanna
we need the cover of Time magazine
that story was something special now
we've all wasted a lot of time we've
always had a lot of energy in my case
i've wasted a lot of money if this
doesn't happen I don't care about the
money but the energy is incredible I
think we have a really good chance you
know when we won new hampshire
when we won new hampshire there were
questions like talked about the Muslim
we have a tremendous problem and I said
we have to study it we have to see that
has to be a bit nobody's gonna say that
we have problems folks we have a problem
we gotta find out radical Islamic
terrorism we have a president won't even
use the term you can't solve a problem
if you're afraid of it you can't solve a
problem if you're not even mentioned
we're gonna make our country so strong
gonna win again and again we're gonna
win but he's like have to do you have to
go out and vote for wasting our time the
movie
so I wanted you people I've been all
over and what I said to my friend is
true I love you people get out and we're
gonna make America great again we're
gonna win we're gonna bring our country
back and we're all gonna be proud once
again
thank you