believable
I want to thank you you know there's
like seven accidents outside I have
never seen anything like it in tomorrow
but i think is going to be fine it stops
tonight at two o'clock we think so
nobody's going to have any excuses is an
incredible care we have a blizzard or at
least a very bad storm and dad this many
people I want to thank everybody you
know thank you
so this is now crunch time we've got a
movement going that's been incredible
everybody's talking about cover of Time
magazine last week they have a picture
of me from behind I was extremely
careful with my hair to have a massive
crowd out in front and they talk about a
movement and that's what it is it's a
movement folks it's a movement
and this is a movement where we say make
America great again we're gonna make
America great again we're gonna make
america greater than ever before it's
gonna be something really really special
what we're doing
has been done before they're all talking
about it you come from all over and
whether I go to dallas we add 21,000
people in dallas in the Mavericks arena
packed no matter where we go mobile
alabama 35,000 people the other night
the other night in South Carolina we had
12,000 people three days notice
12,000 people it's been incredible no
matter where we go and you look at
tonight in a blizzard we have I guess a
lot of people I don't know how but
there's a lot of people
people and I will mention names but I
said how many people are at the other
candidate ok the can-do known look at
this guy back there
look at that guy and believe it or not
this is do I look like that please tell
me I don't
yeah we've got all these trump
impersonator is please don't get up here
believe me I'd ever seen this guy before
I've never
come on up here no tell me this isn't
Rob look at this guy will you marry this
guy I don't know that's great
congratulations hope you make it a lot
of money ok so we have something very
very special going on we're going to
have a country that smart we're going to
have a country that stuff that makes the
proper decision that makes the right
deals are trade deals are so bad I have
the greatest deal makers in the world
the richest men the richest women people
that are truly successful the best
business people in the world we have in
this country we don't use them we used
political hacks these are political acts
to negotiate with China with Japan with
Russia with Mexico Mexico Mexico is
taking business away from us like you
wouldn't believe what are we gonna do
with mexico we're gonna build a wall
gonna build a wall and this is going to
be a real wall this is going to be a
wall thats good as the heroine and the
drugs from coming to New Hampshire but
this is gonna stop and my favorite part
I'll only do it once because I don't do
it all the time you know what's coming
but i wanna do it just one time because
there's just sort of our final lovefest
are right now tomorrow will be an even
better one but this is the one tomorrow
you have to get out and you have to vote
no matter wat i say it all the time if
you're sick if you really like you can't
move your trusted that get doctor tells
you it's not work in your wife is
disgusted with you she said I'm leaving
no matter wat she says darling I love
you but I've fallen in love with another
man I don't give a damn you gotta get
out to vote right right here gotta get
out to vote
my wife doesn't like it when I say that
she says you should say that but that's
ok speaking of my wife Melania come up
come on up
she is so great so understanding I took
the escalator ride down to remember the
famous it's the most famous in the world
right now I will say and I just takes
guts to run for president believe me
I've never done this before I've never
done it before but it does take guts and
I said you know what the top of the
escalator and look at back there look at
the press turned around to look at these
people look at that picture they say
they say they are by the way I look at
that Mika and Joe and Joe look at that
we've got them all we've got them all
but look at the press by any standard
they have I think 600 requests that
that's like darling the Academy Awards
the fact is there is something special
so I'm standing on top of the escalator
I looked down said you can take that and
double it and I said we have no choice
we have to do it and it does take
courage and I took a deep breath like
this and I said let's go and she has
been so unbelievable she has been so
understanding I've been campaigning
unbelievable unbelievable because I
never thought I'd say this you know I'm
a business guy create jobs etc right we
do great deals I've been working in
campaigning since June 16 just about
we've been number one in the polls every
single way
and I've been campaigning and I've been
away and it's been very tough but I will
tell you I've loved doing it i've met
the most unbelievable people I called
the liner all the time I say it's
incredible I say we had the most
incredible crowd in Dallas we had the
most incredible crowd in oklahoma she
said really I couldn't tell a show what
I mean you couldn't tell it was
broadcast live all over the United
States and beyond what the cameras never
leave my face I said what's going on and
then I figured out why nobody wants to
see that we have the biggest grants the
biggest crowd for a republican candidate
tonight is two hundred and twelve people
and look what we have is that look like
me and that's on top of the fact you
know we have four of our incredible
wonderful executives that have been
working with the whole group and they're
now lying on the side of the road there
an accident everybody's got accidents
and I want to make sure they're ok I
think they're ok hope they ok they are
if they're not nothing I can do at this
point so I just want to thank everybody
Milani you want to say hello
we love you and you have weed together
we will make America great again
she's gonna be a great first lady I want
to just tell you one thing one thing I
will judge she's beautiful but she's
more beautiful even on the inside she's
a great person and boy is she smart she
is smart and speaking of smart has
anybody ever heard of people of even
come on get up here
and there's Jared Jared sailor to the
crowd come on jet jared is a very very
successful real estate man in New York
I'm proud to Jared so it came as a vaca
from the apprentice they were begging us
NBC wanted to renew for a long time and
they wanted if they wanted done and Eric
I said I can't do it I really can't do
it Steve Burke came up with a great guy
from Comcast the boss came up to my
office he said Donna we wander into I
said Steve I think I'm running for
president this was about two months
before the famous escalator check i said
i think im running for president he
should Donald I don't think you are come
on let's read and then they went out at
the up-front and they announced that
were running and that we're gonna do The
Apprentice which caused me a lot of
problem because I told these guys are
running a nobody believed that after
they announced but one of the things
that they really like they just love
what they're really like that like the
ratings ok that's what they really like
but we renew the apprentice I told them
I'm not doing it and I'll tell you what
I don't care what happens no matter what
this has been the most expensive amazing
experience the most amazing experience
of my life and you people have made it
that way you people have made it that
way and I told Yvonne and I told the
kids that we're not going to do the
apprentice anymore we're gonna do this
we're gonna run even cares about two
weeks or maybe less from having a baby
and I think she's going to have a baby
maybe in iowa and i know that I would
have won iowa I probably did when it
anyway if you add the Carson votes
dunno if you add the Carson votes I
think I probably won't but we don't get
we only care about new hampshire right
now but i just want to tell you if she
has the baby tonight in new hampshire
that guarantees victory tomorrow please
even the baby tonight
new hampshire thank you so much it has
been amazing spending the last couple of
hours here and obviously over the
previous weeks I've been here quite a
bit but my father is called me so many
times and said just the energy the
enthusiasm the spirit of the crowds here
are amazing and it really encourages and
keeps the momentum going so thank you so
much for being here I have launched been
watching my father work his whole entire
life he's worked incredibly hard to
build an unbelievable business to
provide jobs for tens of thousands of
people that we employ at the Trump
Organization and to inspire each and
every one of those people
soda now see him working this hard for
all of you and that's what he wants to
do he wants to make America great again
and I have no doubt that he will just do
exactly that I've never known him to do
anything other than rise to the occasion
and I'm sure that will happen here so
come out and vote tomorrow and enable
that outcome thank you all so much for
being there
we have been nasa was married to Diane
and larry was married and I just want to
thank they have been on television today
they've been on television literally
more than me so I guess I want to thank
them they've been incredible thank you
very much we also have some friends of
ours and we have the chief that she is
Nick where's the other getting rid of
some protesters other police the
greatest look at that protesters I judge
you I like protesters because that's the
only way the camera shopping the crowd
as I like sometimes we even staged
protests whose thank you fellas enjoy
your stay
where's Nick willard
police get out there and get over her
neck
this guy is so incredible right here
the police department has been so
incredible so Nick I want to thank you
we went over the other day we met people
who are in seriously good condition
nobody gonna mess with your police
department is that right so Nick thank
you and thank the Department I
appreciate it
a couple of weeks ago a certain
politician nice politician nikki Haley
said in a speech a rebuttal speech that
referring to me although my name wasn't
mentioned and then ultimately it was
confirmed that I'm angry that I'm very
angry and that the people that are with
me are very angry and the people that
are with be a really with me those
aren't the people that are 20% and they
can flip fact one of the things that's
come out and all of the studies is that
the people that are with Donald Trump
this seriously with us like they're not
gone anywhere they're not going anywhere
well as other guys I think including the
two categories were at 92% nobody's
changing whereas other guys are at
eighteen percent of the world's oil
change if the wind changes my people
sick with us and who is made and the
statement was made that we're angry
people where the cover of time when the
cover of all these magazines and I said
we're not angry people we don't want to
be angry but I said right now I will
agree
me personally and a lot of the people
that are with me we are angry because
we're angry at and competence were angry
at the iran deal where we give away a
hundred and fifty billion dollars and
get nothing we're angry and I trade
deals which china is making so much
money that we've rebuilt their country
and in the meantime our country and the
infrastructure of our country is going
to hell we're angry what we make a
charge in Bergdahl deal whose it dirty
rotten trader
where six people were killed looking
forum and trying to bring him back till
six young great people kill looking for
sergeant Bergdahl and we make a swap
knowing that he was a traitor they had a
colonel and a general talking to these
people and talking to the people that
worked with them they knew he was a
traitor they knew it and we make a deal
sergeant we get and they get five of the
worst killers that they've covered it
they've cut it for the last nine years
ok we're tired of deals like this we're
tired of Obamacare which we will repeal
and replace
Healthcare's going up 25 35 45 50 per
cent in the last year and a half its
going to die in seventeen anyway it has
two unless the republicans work out
another deal like the budget deal
the deal they worked out three weeks ago
is a disgrace so Obamacare we're
repealing we're replacing but we're
angry and I said yeah I'm angry now when
they asked it was on the debate the
previous debate because I skipped the
last one before the one the other night
and I raised six million dollars for the
veterans right
and somebody said do you regret skipping
the debate and I said no not at all as
they show what do you mean you might
have won iowa I said I did win iowa but
I said I don't regret it because we
raise so much money for the vets and we
wouldn't have really been able to do
that at another time though is just a
point in time it was a point in time but
you have to be treated properly by the
networks last night I understand for the
last debate I heard somebody read to me
that they had the highest rating for a
debate a Republican primary debate in 21
years and they think it's much longer
than that they had a great trading well
where they have had about wasn't in the
debate when do you think I don't know
watching watching bush and watch in this
one and that one I think they would have
done so well who knows I hope they do I
want everybody to do and we have some
good people we have some really good
people but they had this phenomenal
rating ABC just-announced it next time
they're going to get the opening a
little bit better you know what i'm
talking and by the way in all fairness
to ben Carson you could not hear a thing
is people wondering why has been
standing there while we were all saying
that you couldn't hear a thing so it was
nobody's fault it was actually a
production mishap and it makes for more
exciting right is the more exciting
right so we are people that are not
gonna be angry for long because if I get
elected president
all of the things that you can't stand
looking at that you can't believe it's
happening to our country all of these
horrible deals at UC being made many of
them being made because everybody on the
stage with me and on the other side
they're taken care of by special inches
they have a lobbyist this special
interest in getting tremendous amounts
of money you will be angry when you'll
be happy you got to be very happy
can be very very happy and it won't take
a long time it won't take a long time
you know recently I just as for tickets
I wanted tickets for the debate gets
star power and if I could I had a lot of
power we get twenty tickets everybody
gets like 20 tickets so we called the
RNC Corey called the RNC we want tickets
well we can who's got him all of the
donors have the donors the donors you
know the donors
I said that's no good I don't have any
donors because I'm self-funding I don't
have the owners saw the daughters don't
mean donors the donors that's a nice
word donor but it's not donors its
special interest lobbyists all these
people that have total control over the
candidates they had all the tickets now
I must tell you
time magazine did a poll and the poll
who won the debate and i won the debate
with a cent of the vote
number 26 percent of the vote I had
seventy believe me I have no power over
time magazine but I had seventy percent
of the vote
number two had six percent and then it
went down from there so we do I say I
can't get any tickets and then I
announced during the debate because I
did these people make he's really lame
statements and you hear the place
erupted in applause and see what's going
on over here but I understood I
understand and I announced on television
the reason the audience clapping for
certain people up here is because their
donors and special interests and
lobbyists and have total control over
the people and they don't like these
because I'm and I know many of them
actually they do like to be I'm even
friends but if they ask you to do
something about president i'm saying bye
bye I'm working for these people out
here
so I think came up the other day and a
friend of Michaels visit dr. great
doctor and he said you know donald that
the United States which is the largest
purchaser of drugs in the world
massive massive amounts for medicare
which was for social security for
everything from Muslim medicare so we
gonna save Social Security too by the
way we're going to seriously i mean
you've been paying in four years and now
they want such a big way they want to
chop away at social security by the way
like they want to chop away at the
Second Amendment which is not going to
happen
ok
like I honestly like they're doing with
religion like they're chopping away at
Christianity and believe me they are
doing that and this may or may not be a
somewhat religious audience but I will
tell you one thing very soon we're going
to start saying Merry Christmas again
when his Christmas symbols for sure
my friend calls me up a great doctor he
says you know you're running and you
doing great I'm so proud of you I love
to hear it I said again and he said but
you know with the medical and with the
drugs the United States the largest
purchase early they don't negotiate
price it's almost as if you want to go
and you want to buy drugs drugs to make
you feel better right
drugs to make you feel better you want
to buy drugs you have to get drugs you
go to the drug see you buy it off the
counter the United States is paying like
a price like that I said you have to be
kidding he said I don't know why I said
I do I do because the drug companies
have an unbelievable lobby and these
guys that run for office that are on my
left and right and plenty of others
they're all taken care of by the drug
companies and then I'm gonna put out
competitive bidding so I said to myself
wow let me just some numbers if we
competitively bid drugs in the United
States we could say as much as $300 a
year
thank you thank you thank you thank you
that's one element and the reason I mean
you take a look at a friend of mine and
we don't have that much television there
just about 600 people back so I won't
insult him and he happens to be a very
good guy what did Johnson right what did
Johnson of Johnson and Johnson hes jeb
Bush's campaign finance manager he's
running bush's campaign now you tell me
you tell me well listen to this number
one he's in favor of Common Core number
to his week on
push like Scott he loves Common Core
he's the only one that I know that likes
it but that's ok we gonna bring
education back locally no more common
core no more coming just a week on
immigration and that's not gonna
remember they come as an act of love
remember that home education is very
interesting because we're number thirty
in the world you have Norway Sweden
Denmark China and plenty of others that
you have third-world countries and
number thirty is the United States so
with thirty in the world in education
and we're number one per pupil and
caused by phone number two is even close
so that's the way it is gonna happen
that way anymore phones not going to
happen that way now with savings so the
drug companies they have tremendous
power if they're talking about three
hundred billion dollars I mean that's a
lot of money
300 billion and then you wonder why does
a lot of people say how can people be so
stupid things they know it's wrong but
their politicians all talk no action
they're good at one thing getting
reelected have some good politicians but
you have mostly people that think about
how do I get re-elected ok how do I get
re-elected so I'm the only one im self
funding so when these guys see me who I
know many of the guys I'm looking at the
room I'm standing at the debate I'm
watching Marco sweating like a dog on my
right
I'm watching Ted Cruz no I would never
say that about Donald but he said
something bad in the ESM would you say
it again he said no and I like that he
didn't do that we would have ended up in
a big fight but it was nice and he
didn't honestly to have him here I have
not go honestly marco was having a hard
time and he's a nice guy he's a nice guy
i mean again and again and again after
three times you have a very good memory
and have to three times I said when he
said that about three minutes ago then I
said wait wait wait he said that two
minutes ago the same exact thing so
after the fifth time I said what the
hell is going on over here but we need
really smart really tough really fair
people with great heart that want to
take care of your health care want to
take care of people they can't afford
health care you know it's very
interesting we're gonna bring down the
price of Health going to bring it down
big big big big league because President
Obama live twenty eight times he said
you keep your doctor said you keep your
plan
28 times I kept saying why doesn't
somebody gets sued for fraud when you do
the 28 times and even democrats went
because of what he said and they wish
they weren't in that position so he lied
but you know what a lot of people give
me hit because they say we're gonna take
it as a group is a small group
relatively of people in the bottom that
they're not going to be able to be taken
care of and I say we have to as
republicans we have to take you just
want to take care of him I said we're
not gonna have people dying on the
streets we're going to get him into a
hospital take care of them were getting
kids we're not gonna have people dying
in shapes and I say that and I said and
all the time I get a poison then they
say all he wants to do this you want to
do that that's not the public the
republican way is people can take care
of themselves we have to help when I'm
gonna let him die and I say it all the
time when not yet I'll let him die on
the sidewalk we're not going to let him
die industry and it's not even a lot of
money we have hospitals doing no
business we gotta get them fixed up but
we're gonna save tremendously on health
care
it's going to be private we're going to
take the lines at a play we're gonna
have so many different options it's
going to be so much better than to be
less expensive you looked at your
deductibles not only are your rates
going up but you look at deductibles
right now unless you get hit by a
tractor you'll never ever be able to use
your health care and look at washington
they don't even want the Obama get it on
have to happen I wonder why they don't
have to have it so we're going to take
care of it folks and we're gonna have so
many great things
by the way we're going to competitive
bidding and I'll tell you what we're
gonna save so much money and those drug
companies are gonna hate me so much I
could I know I was going to say some at
the debate and i'm looking at the
audience was supposed to be children's
college kids and young kids and it
wasn't because these rich guys bought
all the tickets from the College susan's
I don't actually totally believe that I
actually think that the RNC gave him the
tickets to be totally honest I think
they actually got the tickets not to buy
but a lot of them did buy tickets so I
look outside a saying wow that's a lot
of people out there I know half these
people I know the obvious I know most of
the special interests and i'm looking at
that audience and I'm saying this is bad
stuff but I had the most beautiful
applause from Diane and Eric and Melania
in the front row that's about it even
though I want but I but I understood so
you have to understand what's going on a
lot of times you think that the
politicians are doing horrible horrible
deals and they are but you think that
they're really really not smart people
they are actually smart people but
they're working for themselves they're
doing what they lobbyists who puts up
millions and millions and millions of
dollars every time they run I'm just
talking about the honest up this is all
honesty this other stuff that goes on
that you know you have to proof right i
mean you look at some of hillary's
speeches when she gets a fortune and
she's you know give me a break
take a look at that nobody
right now nobody looks at that bill
makes us feel each gets a tremendous
amount of money phar-mor there and then
all of a sudden miracles happen right
miracles happen and I imagine somebody
is looking at that and by the way a
recent poll just came out that I am
beating hillary's so badly and the
general election
just like we do people say how you gonna
straighten out the budget it's a mess
just like we do with what I just told
you about medication and buying
medicines and all of this same thing
happens with the military within a
building no church so strong but we're
buying equipment and we're buying things
that are generals don't even want we're
buying things that they don't want what
bike lanes instead of another one
because that company has been a lobbyist
and a stronger we're gonna get them the
equipment they want to save a lot of
money and whether to build ourselves so
strong nobody I'm telling you nobody is
gonna play with us we don't want to use
it
nobody is gonna play with us we have
we have situations right now where we
have the migration and we're accepting
people and we're accepting them in by
the thousands and you look at new
hampshire you look at this area with the
problems you have the problems you have
with the drugs were allowing people to
come into this country that we have
absolutely no idea who they are where
they come from are they Isis maybe maybe
not somebody said at least 90% of them
are all really if we had 10% look at
what those two people did two months ago
radicalized people they killed 14 people
to people young people they killed 14
and plenty of people right now living in
the hospital
gravely wounded look at Paris one
hundred and thirty people killed now the
strongest gun laws anywhere in the world
his friends and Paris people don't have
guns except for the bad guys so they
walked in they start shooting they say
you get over here you get off that
killed a hundred and thirty people
there's a tremendous number of people
right now in the hospitals if guns were
on the other side of that equation with
the bullets could find a different
direction you want to have that kind of
conduct
you wonder how so we are going to
protect our 2nd Amendment 100% nobody's
gonna play with us nobody saw this all
started when I came down and I made the
statement to the press and I talked
about illegal immigration and I get it
yet I guess that was like two for 23
weeks it was brutal then all of a sudden
people started maybe he's got a point
maybe he's got a point then for five
weeks later people are some really
strong I think trumps right there is a
lot of illegal immigration and causing a
lot of economic on what is causing this
a lot of trouble from a criminal's
standpoint right now as we speak it was
released last week we have a hundred and
seventy nine thousand illegal tramadol
immigrants illegal criminal these are
people that have been convicted of
crimes some very big that means we have
a hundred and seventy nine thousand
people here that have committed crimes
that shouldn't big runs that shouldn't
be in the country that's bigger a
hundred and seventy nine thousand people
is bigger than any city by a lot in new
hampshire that's a massive amount of
people that's a massive amount so
whether just something that's going to
be whether you like Dwight Eisenhower no
matter what you do
white eisenhower I like Ike everybody
said nice guy we either have a country
folks are we don't remember this we
either have a country we do so within a
half to take people with it to get rid
of those hundred and seventy-nine and i
dont wanna put him in our jails I don't
wanna put him in our jails are jails
across Augusta fortune
we're bringing them back where they came
from and we're gonna be respected by
those countries which were not respected
at all by those countries we're breaking
up back where they came from and let
that country put him in prison for the
next 25 years is when idling and then
never ever coming back to our country
again their guy never now but all of a
sudden we started seeing people are
focused on it I will say this if I
didn't bring up the subject of illegal
immigration at my opening when I
announced I was running for president
you would not have anybody even talking
about it the other night on this stage I
won't mention who's somebody said yes
and I'm very strong on illegal
immigration we will build a wall said it
very lonely will you afraid that
somebody has a lot and I go now all of a
sudden I know I have two out of the
group they said the other night and
other ones on television said yes we
have strong waters we will build a wall
and my wife came up to me she said
darling did you hear that that's the
first time I've ever heard that said by
anybody else but you we have to build a
wall walls work just ask Israel walls
work they work I don't mean the little
walls of the little wall I mean those
who else you know I mean serious roles I
mean trump all
they work they were and they work if
they're right you know in time magazine
and a couple of magazines I read I've
been on the cover of Time magazine so
much lately when I was on last week I
didn't even know they were putting them
in the cover can you imagine that's when
you really hitting it big when you're on
the cover of Time magazine you don't
even know you got to be on the cover
that's what they had like this ramp they
had a wall like this and then a ramp
built over the wall and then another
ramp and they have trucks going over the
ramp and they loaded up with drugs and
trucks going right over there I don't
even know why they didn't just rip down
the wallets a little would have been
cheaper and whatever Africa's up it goes
down they sell their drugs in the United
States lot of them come over to here to
head to new hampshire and they get back
on the go back they build ramps over the
walls and I'll tell you something I met
the border patrol people they're
phenomenal the reason I met them is they
called me and they said we'd love to
meet you and I went to Laredo Texas and
it was incredible
these people are incredible they can do
the job they had told to stand back did
poll don't touch anybody there told let
people come in they don't want them
these are incredible men and women and
their standing there people walking
right in front beautiful equipment
everything looks good everything except
the one thing they are told don't do
anything and when they do something
that's a given the fine let him go they
can go wherever they want that CNN that
you never see him again we either have a
country away don't want it to be so
strong and just let me ask you one
question about the wall who the hell is
going to pay for the wall what
you know the head of Mexico today said
there's no way we're paying for the wall
please inform Mr Trump I said I said the
walls gonna just get bigger when has
that attitude now
the politicians come up with something
they used to come up and say this is no
way honestly that you can be able to
build a wall is easy I build nests of
buildings it's much tougher they said
you can't really do that can yes
absolutely
now just so you understand fifteen years
ago they want to build a wall you know
why they didn't build it they couldn't
get an environmental impact statement
approved it's true they couldn't because
there was snakes toads road all sorts of
crap right in the way they couldn't can
you believe it we can build a wall and
you have China in the South China Sea
ripping the hell out of the ocean and
building military bases in the middle of
the South China Sea and we kid do you
think by the way that China got an
environmental impact statement I don't
you know they said they said we're gonna
build it they started work the following
morning that's what happens we are so
left behind and we worry about the
carbon footprint and I say you know I
see Obama saying the single greatest
problems this country has its global
warming ok
I tell you what I just got out so we had
a blizzard outside there's no warming is
his brutal somebody from New Hampshire
said this is one of the worst winters
you know what he's talking about global
warming
then he gets on a very old 747 with the
old engines at spew a lot of stuff and
he takes his wife and his two really
beautiful daughters and he goes in the
seven forty-seven dalai to play golf and
that he comes back and then he has a
speech on
saw folks have a whole different
thinking I've been saying for a long
period of time
take the oil remember remember this
about me I was against because I've had
hillary say I don't like Donald Trump
stone and I've heard jeb say it till I
don't like Donald Trump's tone energy
guy so he doesn't like my time but but
honestly said and they said that the
same day and I thought to myself I can
tone it down I'm smart guy I turn on
television did shopping people's heads
off in the middle ease if you question
the head comes off if you're not
Christian the head comes up we haven't
seen stuff like this since medieval
times
alright medieval times and people are
worried about my tone you are at the
other night at the base they ask Ted
Cruz serious question but what do you
think of waterboarding is it ok and I
honestly I thought he'd say absolutely
in Egypt and he said well it's concerned
about the answer because something she
just said a terrible thing you know she
said
shouted out 2012
ok you're not allowed to say and I never
expect to hear that from you again she
said I never expect to hear that from
you again she said he's a pussy thats
that's now
here
so you remember when not so long ago not
so far from here I had a group of people
we're doing question-and-answer and
somebody came up with a pretty tough
saving about Obama and the press got
very angry cuz I didn't offend the
president remember took a lot of heat
and I didn't reprimand the person that
said it so I want to just tell you right
now ma'am he reprimanded ok chiste
chiste he reprimanded for the press this
is a serious reprimands to so the
president so we have lined up to make
some of the great trade deals and to
take our documents that are so bad we
have lined up the finest business people
in the world rolanda by the way they
call me I don't even call them these are
great great people
summer nice some horrible human beings
summer people that you don't want to
have dinner with but they're great at
what they do I know the greatest
negotiators in the world we need them
that's how we got into the hole with
these deals and I'm telling you about
and believe me
other other facets of the same thing
it's the same exact thing we're going to
save so much money I was hearing the
other day they were talking about the
budget and a political person said it's
his idea and it has gone to have the
budget balanced within 25 years
twenty-five years
idea was that he thought he was doing a
good job visa politicians folks that
never gonna do it and whether to do a
great we're gonna have a better country
would have better services we can have
better roads and airports and hospitals
and we're gonna pay less for was gonna
pay less
you know I'm building a big building
right now on pennsylvania avenue that I
got from the federal government Obama
can you believe it how good is that if I
go work done I mean what a job he did I
we had the old post office in washington
D C right we are now we just announced
we're gonna make it a world-class one of
the great Hotels of the World an
incredible building and we just
announced with two years ahead of
schedule we're going to have it open in
September of this year two years ahead
of schedule and under budget ahead of
schedule when they've been nice if our
country on its projects instead of
having a 2,000 percent cost overrun boy
can you imagine how much as people make
when you see these buildings and things
was gonna cost 200 million and it ends
up costing 1.5 billion dollars do you
know how much money these people are
making so we're two years ahead of
schedule it's on pennsylvania avenue and
I don't give a damn if I don't make the
White House we're moving into that
building I'm gonna be on pennsylvania
avenue one way or the other
I want to finish up because you got a
bad evening out there and you have to
drive you have to do me a favor I don't
really care of you get hurt or not but I
want you to last until tomorrow ok so
don't get hurt if you're going to get
hurt and if you get a drive like a
maniac do it tomorrow after you vote and
I promise I will come and visit you in
the hospital I price now has some
knowledge I want you to be I want you to
be careful but look it's so important
that we take care of our vets are vets
are being treated so badly and I am
album 0 who's with me all the time
who's the greatest guy there is who
loves the vets who loves us and who
knows what we're doing but we're going
to take care of our vets we're gonna
take care of our military will get a
buildup of military is going to be a
thing of beauty by the way I have to
tell you it's the absolute cheapest
thing we can do is nobody's gonna play
with us it's the cheapest thing we can
do but we're going to take care of our
health care whether to take care of
every facet of our country and whether
to start winning again folks whether to
start winning again because we don't win
anymore we don't win on trade we don't
want on anything we can't beat my sis
with our military can you imagine
General George Patton weekend he
wouldn't be them by the time he walked
down to the front row we don't be dices
whether to start winning again we're
gonna win on every single level of this
country we get a win every single time
we do something we're gonna win we're
not gonna make stupid deals anymore
we're gonna be led by smart people and
we're gonna have our smartest people
representing us now I leave you with
this I leave you with us it's so
important it's so important
tomorrow is going to be the beginning I
here we have a lead it doesn't matter to
me it doesn't matter to me who the hell
knows what the leaders do have some snow
it looks like it's gonna stay it's so
important we have something so special
going on you have to go out you have to
vote
we have to celebrate tomorrow evening we
have to have a great victory it's so
important because we are gonna make
America great again we are going to make
america greater greater greater than
it's ever been before and i love u all I
love you all
yes we will see you tomorrow let's have
a big big victory tomorrow we love you
thank you
thank you
thank you
amazing paper thank you very much thank
you