wow
well
you know it all begins right now it's
all gonna begin you know the theme look
at all those red caps make America great
again and we can do it and we can do it
and we're going to do it and we're going
to so on june sixteenth I came down an
escalator I talked about illegal
immigration and everyone went crazy what
a horrible thing to discuss two weeks
later everybody was saying you know
Trump is right and you had the killing
of Kate in San Francisco yet so many
things happen jim neal great jim hill in
Los Angeles a phenomenal female
wonderful woman a vet 65 years old who
was killed by an illegal immigrant raped
sodomized killed we have problems and we
have to solve our problems and some
people say you're very divisive you very
divisive what they want me to be
politically correct they don't want to
talk about the problems they don't want
to talk about and I do talk about him
and a lot of people are now coming up to
me and saying you're right you're so
right I brought up a problem
radical Islamic terrorism abroad people
went crazy how could you say we have a
problem this is a worldwide problem and
when I brought it up people said it's
not politically correct don't do it
advisers people right back there they
said don't do it but you know what
people respect that I did it and friends
of mine who are Muslim called me up at
this shit done thank you it's a problem
is gotta be discussed we have a
president that won't discuss the subject
he won't talk about it and you're not
going to solve the problem if you don't
want to admit what the problem is
so it began and I started with the
butchers and you know Sheriff Joe from
arizona he's like a great time he enjoys
me last week and he enjoys every day
he's a tough guy at the border that's
one thing and he said Trump is the
toughest at the border but I don't want
to just be tough we want to be smart we
want people to come into our country but
they have to come into our country
legally drive legally they go through a
process as they come in and we've gotta
take great people we want great people
to come and we don't want people pouring
across the border like now I got to know
I was in laredo texas and i got to know
I was invited by our tremendous people
that work the border the border patrol
people these are tremendous people these
are people that wanna do their job they
called me because they're not allowed to
do this is standing there great they're
wonderful to have wonderful equipment
everything's fine and they're told stand
back and people walk right through
well I Y and you know it's
mistake it's very unfair to people that
do legally go through the brush is you
have people that way
for years to get in and they're going up
a list
and they've worked
and they've studied
probably and friends has probably the
toughest gun laws in the world are no
dents accepted the bad guys and this
sleaze bag with the press would always
say remember the name right
the press would say great things like
he's rappin hun the press was say
wonderful things were looking for him
they called the mastermind mastermind
what's the mister money put a few people
in this study cheating people there's
nothing what's the mastermind I call
them the guy with the dirty hat low I Q
a terrible guy now they got him they
gotta but the press is building them up
and then they wonder why our youth is
being radicalized add Isis and others
are using our internet we invented the
internet Isis is using it to radicalize
our kids and our kids are leaving and
coming back one thing with me if they
leave and they leave to fight for Isis
then i coming back I don't care
so we're going to strengthen our border
we're gonna have a really strong border
we're going to build a wall of windows
bank for the wall
Mexico now that I have a great
relationship with mexico I have a great
relationship with the mexican people
with Hispanics in Nevada leading in the
polls with Hispanics I'm gonna do great
with this fetish is under bring jobs
back from China and all sorts of
countries that have taken our jobs they
have stripped us of a job like where
babies like taking candy from a baby
they have stripped does of our jobs you
know interestingly new hampshire you
have been a big victim and in this case
it wasn't so much China you look at
nafta you look at some of the things
that happened to hear I look at these
factories that are empty I look at plans
that in a senior citizen housing and
that's wonderful senior citizen has it
but somebody has to have the job you
need the job spec our country has lost
millions and millions of jobs to other
countries and now we're losing companies
to look at corporate inversions you look
at what's happening
corporate inversions it's wonderful
senior citizen housing but somebody has
to have the job unbelievable schiesser
are Canadians lost millions and millions
of jobs to other countries and now we're
losing companies you look at corporate
inversions you look at what's happening
corporate inversions it's unbelievable
Pfizer great company they're very good
with taking care of politicians a great
company they get what they want remember
this the drug companies have tremendous
power whether it's Tyler Johnson and
Johnson the interesting things Pfizer's
leaving with all their power and they're
leaving thousands and thousands of great
jobs behind because the taxes are too
high and because they can't get their
money back into the country this
trillions of dollars outside of the
United States right now I talked to
these politicians and I'm against didn't
even know what the hell I'm talking
about they don't know about corporate
intrusion then even know what it is but
what happens is companies are now
leaving our country because the taxes
are so ridiculous with the highest tax
country in the world
ok and they leaving and great companies
Pfizer great company others just
announced a leaving and they can leave
you can't stop you can try and get him
to stop they'll find ways you know these
great lawyers Great Wall Street lawyers
believe me you'll find ways around it
they leaving and they're leaving jobs
behind
mind and tremendous you talking about
hundreds of thousands of jobs behind and
it's happening more and more you know
it's an interesting thing we have a
president they can't get anybody to do
anything so he signed you know executive
orders and country wasn't supposed to be
that way but he signs executive orders
because he can't get he doesn't get
people into the oval office into offices
into something and do something right
but make great deals make deals that
everybody's happy with the way the
country was supposed to work he doesn't
do that he doesn't do that so here's the
deal where our corporations and
corporations within this country have
two and a half trillion dollars outside
of the country they want to bring it
back I happen to think the number could
be five trillion dollars it's a massive
amount of money if it's brought back
into the country it's going to create
work it's gonna create jobs right now
now here's the problem the democrats
agree the republicans agree the liberals
agree that conservatives agree everybody
wants the money brought back they can't
make a deal
the reason they can't make it deals with
have a leader
well it needs the room one hour with the
leaders I get it done
111 how I guess
so the inversion is that now
corporations say that tired they've been
waiting for years and billions and
billions of dollars outside of the
country they can't bring it back so they
are actually going out to get the money
you believe this and everybody in
washington agrees that we should allow
him to bring in fact it would be so
that's one of these you you know it's
one thing when you have the republicans
and the democrats and they just agree on
lots of different things and you can
understand I'll get him to agree you're
right I'll get it but they disagree on a
lot of things and you can understand but
that's the thing
inversion that's the thing they can and
they can't get it done shelf Washington
is gridlocked nothing happens and
nothing good is going to happen if you
folks vote in more these politicians
these politicians don't have it their
all talk and no action I don't give a
damn if it doesn't work for me I have
this great company but this incredible
company I'll go back I'll be hit in the
face with a beautiful salt water wave
and one of my resume its ok its ok but
you know what I want to do this a lot of
people have said why do you do this why
I do it because I want to make America
great again it's so much more
even mike is a great kids he wanted you
know Don Erik and I have great
executives and and frankly you know
somebody should what you built a really
great company and I did you take a look
at you know when I did the filing
everyone said well who never run then I
read he'll never sign for me that's when
you signed your life away as they said i
think is gonna run that does it but
you'll never put into the net chose
because maybe he's not as richer
successful as people think I am i
financials they thought that maybe a
test for extensions cause you're allowed
45 day extensions forever for the rest
of your life you never have to put in it
you could have so many extensions I told
my account severe extra-terrestrial out
of money to do almost a hundred pages
the biggest one ever filed by a factor
of many times right I told my counsel I
wanted done before 30 days you get 30
days to put him in but then you can have
the extensions to the rescue Life OK and
some of these politicians they filed one
page and they've asked for extensions ok
so I said I want to do it before the 30
days because a lot of the pundits it
well maybe less for extensions and it'll
go on past selection so I put them in
and they went down and they looked and
the company is a massive I built a great
company very low debt tremendous cash
flow and believe me if those numbers
weren't good I wouldn't be running right
now because I wouldn't and that's why a
lot of people said a private person they
don't know what the hell I have nobody
knows what they have but I filed this
document done by the best accounting
firms in washington the best law firms
in washington everything right down to
the way it's supposed to be and you know
what happened to press went down they
were dying to see this and they couldn't
believe it was much bigger than anybody
ever anticipated the greatest assets or
everything great low debt tremendous
schedule so here is what happens I found
it and I filed by probably would have
even if I wasn't going to run every once
in awhile you like to brag a little bit
I will tell you but what happened is i
filed at and I'm not saying it in a
braggadocio sleigh it's the kind of
thinking that our country needs we have
to make great deals now we can't
continue to go on like this we can't
lose five hundred and five billion
dollars a year to China on trade deficit
you can't do it you can't do it we can't
lose hundreds of billions of dollars to
Japan they send our cars these cars are
pouring in
I went to Los Angeles recently I saw a
ship's the biggest ships have ever seen
a loaded up with cars from Japan we give
them practically nothing it's called
imbalance it's all one way we have
people negotiating for us who are
political hacks they're the best
political hacks in the world they get
their jobs because they give campaign
contributions some of them get the job
because they work hard with politicians
but they don't know anything
Carl Icahn as an example is a great
businessman he endorse me many
businessmen of interest me they want to
endorse me because they say cars and
trucks the only one that knows what
they're talking about the politicians
don't mention corporate intrusion before
then even know what that term means
companies are leaving us and we don't do
anything about it and new hampshire
knows it better than anybody as you've
already gone through it but you have a
hate to tell you have more companies
leaving we're gonna bring the company's
back from China we're gonna bring the
company's back from Japan we're gonna
bring the company's back from excuse me
Mexico Mexico Mexico is killing us at
the border and they're killing us with
dread Mexico just got the big nabisco
plant from Chicago it's closing in
Chicago it's moving to Mexico so what
are we not going to eat any more Oreos
that's a good thing not a bad thing
mexico has many car plans coming people
like going to become the car capital of
the world
a two and a half billion dollar plan in
to see they were all set to build a new
plant all set and it was all set to go
and then the foreign company that was
gonna build an announcer not going to go
there they gonna go to mexico it's crazy
what we're allowing to happen all
because our leaders are incompetent ok
they're incompetent
you know we make deals I always say so
we get a trader six people killed
looking six people go out and they look
for them and they were killed young
beautiful people are soldiers young
beautiful people six of them killed go
out look for sergeant Bergdahl so we get
Bergdahl and by the way we know he was a
traitor before we made the deal because
we had a general and a colonel goin
interview all of the people that he
worked with and they told him what
happened so we know it's not even like
oh gee we found out later that I can
understand I would like it but that I
can understand a little bit this is a
case where weekend Bergdahl and they get
five pillars that they've coveted that
they've wanted for years and they're
taking fight and there right now back to
the battlefield looking to kill
everybody including us
ok this is what we get this is the way
we make deals and can't go on go on go
on i think im gonna do great in new
hampshire I hope I'm going to do great I
love the people
thank you I love you too so we have so
many things happening and we don't have
the right people
the migration migration it's so sad to
see and it is I have a heart you know
people don't realize I am much warmer
than other people and much warmer I want
to help people i really do I want to
help people i want to get rid of
Obamacare get you something i wanna and
yeah but you know what we have some
people that won't be able to live and we
have to help people though we had to
help when republicans donald Trump
proposed helping people that have made
what we had to let him dying to see we
can't do it and republicans understand
that but we can have great plans they're
going to be less expensive
gonna be much more I mean Obamacare is
out of control and how about your
deductibles you have to be dead before
you can use them so high that unless you
have a fourteen years slow disease
you're not going to be able to use it
a man told me today from new hampshire
just today he said he gave it up because
he couldn't afford to get no coverage
whatsoever
he's always had coverage a lot of people
had coverage if they were very happy
with it given it up and now they have
lousy coverage all the lines 28 times
about the doctor right 28 times I
actually said why did we sued for fraud
because it was tried and by the way a
lot of the democrats had they known to
say when approved it it just made it but
they will like to also it would have
never been approved but your gonna keep
your doctor all the things that he said
were total eyes and if he did say that
cuz they were good phrases they were
false but they will get raises if he
didn't say that they would have never
gotten it fast and believe me
Obamacare is a big people sort of
forgotten but I find it to be almost
tougher sometimes the biggest applause I
get when I say I'm going to terminate
determining whether to terminate and
replace it with something great
less expensive and much better and
people really want that a lot of people
forget about the five billion dollar
website $5 for a website shit or crooked
politics you listen to this song
medicare going to keep your social
security we're gonna bring jobs back
we're gonna make a country rich again to
keep it if you've been paying into
social security for years and now they
say we want to we want to raise the age
we want to do all sorts of things we're
gonna bring jobs back they've stripped
our country of well you know we had a
quarter last quarter when we had a
century no-growth so we have more people
we have more trouble we have far more
unemployment although it is reported
that way
look these unemployment statistics are
meant and were devised by politicians so
that it looks good when they say 5.2%
this room wouldn't be packed it was
really 5.2% I go to the other day I mean
I go to dallas we have twenty-one
thousand people I go to Mobile Alabama
of 35,000 people by the way we get and I
say we check out the cover of Time
magazine last week the most incredible
story about us all of us that means but
I'm like the messenger I feel like the
messages on MSN Messenger but I'm gonna
be a I'm gonna be a good you're going to
love the messenger you gotta love you
president you'd be so proud in your
country
throughout the country again you know
within a country we have to we can go on
this way but I go to Mobile Alabama
35,000 people they're incredible people
they like you is that different i mean
you're from new hampshire there from
mobile if they love the country you left
the country we all left the country
we're all doing it for the same reason
we're losing our country and it'll never
be the same and we have a hilary is
silly she makes it past her scandal
which is really a big question you have
a situation where General Petraeus and
many other people for doing five percent
of what hillary clinton did have been
destroyed and I think I helped him
because I've been really pounding on top
of everything else they wanted to take
away his rank they wanted to reduce his
rank and I said leave General Petraeus
alone it's enough it's enough these
tough guys in washington you know their
real tough guys they can't be dices they
can't beat anybody Afghanistan is going
to hell
the Middle East is is going down I've
been saying bomb the oil for years and
they haven't done it they just started
after powers and they're doing a very
gentle bombing because they don't want
to pollute the atmosphere and a not say
what that true they don't want to bomb
the oil because they don't want to
pollute the atmosphere and yet Obama
will take Air Force One and all of
Boeing 747 with the old engines and spew
crap into the atmosphere as he goes to
Hawaii
and saved for almost three weeks playing
golf and then comes back in the same
plane and then he'll have a news
conference on global warming and talking
about the carbon footprint give me a
break
today I chose somebody to love God and
add some of the greatest golf courses in
the world and a rally on some of the
great one at Turnberry in Scotland will
have the British Open some of the
greatest British Opens in the history of
of golf and some of the great Jack
Nicklaus against Tom Watson they say the
Duel in the Sun right to duel in the sun
the greatest tournament ever played was
at Turnberry the Duel in the Sun Jack
Nicklaus Tom watch it so I have to clean
and stuff but you know what I let go but
if I were in the white house I don't
think I'd ever see turned very good I
don't think I have a seat Doral again I
went to rally in Miami I don't think
I've ever seen any of the places that I
have I don't think it's anything I just
want to stay in the white house in work
my ass off but great just gonna leave
you know you know now I hope I'm gonna
be through the white house but I'm
building a building right down the road
that's also on pennsylvania you talk
about deal making I brought it up today
for the first time so the old puzzle has
built in 1880 the Old Post Office is
incredible it's on Friday as a whole
blocks on pennsylvania avenue best
location right between the capitol
building and though it has everybody
wanted hi it very close contributors to
Obama every everybody Sheridan Helton
everybody wanted one of the hottest it's
run by the GSA General Services there
the landlord for the united states and
by the way very very good people and
very very good professionals
well that's because they chose me but
they are honest
they didn't use the I don't think I'd be
saying that probably but the truth is I
have i mean they are very good they're
excellent so what happened is and I work
with Ivanka has anyone heard of you and
she's dressed and we put it in and a
plan was to build a great take this
whole post office which is no longer
used and has been sitting for years and
years like 30 years really and take it
and converted into one of the world's
great hotels and other people many hotel
companies bid it was the hottest from
what I hear let's say 10 because there's
so many people back there if there was
one hundred but I doubt it just about
the hottest property in the history of
the General Services Administration they
did it out and we came up with a great
plan for a great Hotels of the World and
by the way I have to tell you this it's
two years ahead of schedule its opening
listen to this it'll open in September
of this year isn't that convenient I
said we have to open it before the big
day so we're gonna be opening in
September of this year we're actually I
mean the limit was to use but we're
actually been a year and a half ahead of
schedule which it on here when was the
last time you heard about a government
project what we love the tunnel in
Boston deli folks now is twenty years
later in about 40 million dollars over
budget so here's just under budget and
ahead of schedule by a lot is that nice
wouldn't it be nice but I think in terms
we want to negotiate we need deals right
we need great deals with trade we have
to you know they're buying a new efforts
13 billion in spending three billion to
bring it up because if I when I'm going
to be the one to use it right so I said
it didn't want to bring it up in tonight
at break it up for the first time do you
think I could make a better deal than
three billion dollars for an airplane
maybe just I know so much about
airplanes when I heard three billion I
said rule I said let's buy some of that
boeing stopped that's a lot so everybody
wanted it
hyatt the Pritzker family is Obama's
biggest supporter just about from
Chicago nice family good family they
wanted to say hi everybody wanted to
help his trump get the most valuable
asset in the GSA the most sought after a
sit-in the GSA I got it for similar
prize I did pay the question I gotta for
similar price get the greatest asset in
the most coveted as I got it how to help
the white get it into your
administration it's called negotiation i
wouldn't make a deal like a hundred and
fifty billion dollars to a randomly get
nothing
ok I would have said I want my present
his deck and your hostages I want him
back before we even start and they would
have said no and I would have said very
simply yes that's right you know I said
bye bye right we leave the room we
doubled up the sanctions within 48 hours
they call us they say you've got your
prison then what do i do I go back into
the room I say and my father always used
to say you've gotta take the lumps that
he thought everyone was too tough to be
soft little bit like Jeb Bush every once
in awhile saw
he said son take the lumps yet so I
wouldn't say I want to get the prisoners
back now they'll and now we call ok
we're ready to negotiate now thank you
for releasing a person's okay again
hundred-percent to give them back
because you have to ratchet up now we go
back out of 150 billion if biggest
problem I have with if I win is that
they have two hundred and fifty billion
that the given to everybody but us by
the way they're buying planes from
Airbus a hundred and eighteen air planes
from Airbus they're buying missiles from
russia there in Italy by buying from
everybody but us so my father would say
take the lumps hii go and then say the
following I'm sorry we can't give you
the hundred and fifty billion dollars we
have a country that bust the country has
no money we owe nine trillion dollars
we're going to have nineteen we own 19
trillion dollars we're going to over
twenty one trillion dollars we have no
money I'm so they could go nuts to
forget about it
come on let's say that and you negotiate
a deal I would ever paid a hundred and
fifty billion dollars but these
politicians have no clue a guy like
Carrie I mean this guy hit do you think
you read the art of the deal a guy like
carried I think you hit a guy like
Carrie he never walk from that
negotiation ones in a random dancing in
the streets calling us stupid people
they were celebrating the deal before we
even signed it they were saying what a
great deal it is before we even saw
everybody was saying what a great
negotiator the guy on the other side of
the table it and he is you know the
Persians agree to negotiate but they're
all saying what a great negotiators who
is like here we can even send it to you
when you say if you saw this happening
in your the negotiator and I so you say
let's walk looking man to deal with
stupid and then what happens then what
happens so now the deal is done the
money is about ready to pass and they
catch wonderful young sailors that have
a problem with the engine and a citizen
lets get it fixed up up up on your way
they bring them and they drop them to
the beggin position on their knees hands
up guns at the head and are rough guy
you heard that voice right that wasn't a
nice person
roughing them up and what do we do
apologize I mean it was such a
humiliating situation and they would
have never given the sale is back but
then that stupid people they're very
smart people much broader than our
people much larger than our negotiators
by a factor of about 200 we would have
never gotten the sailors back except for
one thing the money was going to start
passing two days after they got so we
gotta back we were humiliated as a
country we gave him the money like
nothing happened we are led by these
guys they keep coming to me one of them
came up to me about three weeks after
one of the debates said that mexico's
gonna pay for the well they won't pay
for the 100% they make a fortune on the
wall is peanuts they don't even think he
can build a wall I said two thousand
years ago China built the Great Wall of
China its 18,000 miles long they did it
before caterpillar tractors were now of
course of course China would never use
caterpillar tractors why would they use
them unless they built the plans by the
way on Chinese soil so China bit two
thousand years ago they built a wall
that is this is a serious wall right I'm
look at him you know about that one
that's a serious so we need a thousand
miles
ok 133 need a thousand miles because
it's two thousand miles but they have a
lot of natural barriers lot of good
stuff that sucks so we need thousands
and I have these politicians said you
can't rebuild will you know they wanted
to build the wall fifteen years ago and
they couldn't do it because they
couldn't get their environmental impact
study approach did you know that because
there was stakes returned as a toads are
not sure you look it up a lot of the
people that are now against the wall
including some of the democrats check
Hillary by the way check they wanted the
wall but they couldn't get it done they
couldn't get an environmental impact
statement approved can you believe it
now you have China in the South China
Sea they're building a military base
creating an island right smack in the
middle of the OSHA
creating an island they have the biggest
excavators you've ever seen
they're ripping the shit out of the sea
right and they're building runways and
airports that building forts
do you think they got an environmental
impacts our country's in trouble
countries in trouble so we're going to
fix it
we're going
wagons we're gonna have strong borders
would have the wall with a strong strong
borders were gonna have tremendous trade
deals I have these guys and women I have
these people that is the best in the
world did the best business people know
what I know I know the great ones I know
the bad ones I know the over rated ones
yet people that you think agreed that
the totally overrated I happened to be
underrated by the lab but that's okay
it's good to be very good to be
underrated that's why when they looked
at my statement I said I think this
guy's been underrated I know the
greatest in the world and we're going to
use them when I can use the Hawks
anymore
will not be used Caroline Kennedy in
Japan to talk about cars what the hell
she's a very nice person you know why
she's a nice person because my daughter
Ivanka like sure when my daughter likes
her that's good that doesn't mean I want
her negotiating with Japan on cars ok so
some of these people like terrible human
beings some of these people are horrible
you wouldn't hear you would never ever
have dinner with some of these people
although the very rich you might have
dinner with the matter which does money
matter that much she says no I'll bet
you will but not now these are people
that in many cases are horrible people
who cares I want the best the greatest
negotiators in the world negotiating
this from now on we're not gonna let
mexico still all our businesses and and
this has been going on for years I mean
you look at new hampshire this is going
to happen and we're gonna bring business
back we're gonna have businesses we
gotta have businesses that used to be in
new hampshire that are now in mexico
come back to New Hampshire and you can
tell themselves
because they let you down and they left
we want the businesses that stayed i
dont lot of businesses appeared out of
business up here these are great people
they coulda left and they want to stay
they want to say they're fighting just
it's hard with the highest tax nation in
the entire world it's hard for them to
stay and those are the ones we have to
cherish and love these are the people
that are great but you don't have people
come back down my tax proposal cuts the
hell outta taxes for the middle class
for business we go from the highest tax
nation in the world to a nation that's
got pretty low on the taxes ok pretty
low on the list but the middle class has
been abandoned by our country they built
the country the middle class has been
banded
events have been abandoned that's akin
to be taken care of the way they should
be wears out the ultimate vet and a
loves me right you better love me right
this wouldn't be terrible if you said
known as the jump I don't love you I'll
put your hand go ahead say it again now
said in the Michael you have a mic for a
reason
I don't judge this man is always there
and he goes to others are also and he
goes to other people that are running
and he doesn't he said he gave up here
we go to everything all he cares about
is that the vets are taking forever I
love this guy special special
gonna take care of it you know that
sometimes wait five days six days in a
waiting room for a simple prescription
or simple something a procedure and
sometimes they die they die waiting this
story's thousands and that you wouldn't
believe it's possible thousands and
thousands of vets die waiting to see a
doctor
it's not gonna happen right it's not
gonna happen anymore folks we're gonna
take care of our vets we're not even
talking about money
the fact is that if you look at the
money that we squander and steel take a
look at Arizona what's going on with the
VA in Arizona it should disclose the
money that stolen the corruption is
unbelievable it's all over the country
hour ago to be taken care of our
military is going to be rebuilt
we're gonna do things were protecting
our 2nd Amendment big-league big lake
we're getting rid of Common Core we're
gonna bring education to the you know
they're chipping away at your second
Amendment every time you see something
that shipping and shipping if in as you
know if in as if in california where you
had to do they got married these two
people
wonderful people barrage she probably
radicalized him down those out happen
maybe radicalized alright doubted but
they go out they worked with a group of
people that gave them parties gave them
their baby shower gave them so they walk
in they killed them fourteen people dead
something wrong then you have in Paris
and a lot of things happened in Paris
lot of things changed and people like me
more after Paris which is terrible in a
way for people like me more after Paris
because they want somebody that
understands what the hell is going on
and I get it in Paris have a hundred and
thirty people killed dead if we had some
people and by the way many many people
many many people lying in a hospital so
gravely wounded many more tests they
walk in
hundred and thirty people horribly hurt
people lives destroyed people if they
don't die if they want guns on the other
side if there was like you you that guy
right over the tall guy with the red if
we had if we had some people on the
other side that were being shot with
guns wrapped around their ankles are
there ways with the bullets could go in
the other direction you wouldn't have
had the carnage that you had they had
nothing remember what I said at the
beginning
90 remember what I said at the beginning
the toughest gun laws in the world Paris
the toughest in the world same thing in
California if you had people that had a
couple of
protect our 2nd Amendment protected when
I get away
just finishing up education is important
so I tell you I'm gonna get a common
common car is Washington Department of
Education so we're ranked as a country
number thirty in the world where ranks
as a country cost per pupil number one
in the world so we pay the most in the
entire world for education by a factor
that so high that the second-place
contender and by the way it's Norway
Sweden Denmark China and on and on and
then as you start getting up we end up
with third world countries that come
before us pretty sad right with thirty
we have third-world countries that have
better educational systems in the United
States of America now think of this so
we're number one in cost per pupil and
when number thirty will the bottom of
the fact wouldn't it be nice
ok and I i related to something else
like Jeb Bush he's been a hundred
million dollars and he's nowhere at the
bottom of the only reason I even bring
them up as he does so many commercials
of me this negative is so now I didn't
even know I was that bad a person I just
know this so negative but they can't be
that negative because every time they go
on my poll numbers go up it's crazy
but they come in for this campaign I
have spent less money than anybody else
and I'm number one in every poll
nationally right and by the way I'm
number one in new hampshire will you
please keep me there the victim keep me
there are you be so happy if you do
you'll be so proud of that decision
believe me
believed to be so proud so I spent the
leash and I have the best Rizzo wouldn't
it be great if the united states could
do that not only with education with
other think we spend the least and we
have the best we spend the least we have
wouldn't that be fantastic great so
we're gonna start winning again we're
gonna win on trade with these other
countries that are ripping us off we're
gonna win on health care we're gonna win
with the military we're gonna knock the
shit out of Isis but they're not gonna
win on health care we're going to win
every everything we have so many
victories which is that we just can't
fail anymore we don't have the option to
fill anymore we have a country that's a
debtor nation and we don't have the
option so I just want to tell you this
is an important evening this is a great
group I've done five of these today in
different forms do you think this is fun
this is fine I dunno I've had more
meetings today I've had great meetings I
met with your police department and
Manchaca Ben why would you like them
right I met with police I met with by
the way the police they do such a great
job you talked and we have to honor a
place okay so it's very important that
worry you gotta get out don't think
we're gonna win don't think we're gonna
win just go out you gotta get out and
vote no matter where you are no matter
how you feel I don't give a damn you
gotta go out you gotta get out of bed
we've gotta create a mandate we have to
create victory and I'm telling you I
give you my word we will make this
country this great great country we will
make it better and stronger and smarter
than ever ever ever before
thank you I love you thank you