we love you
Birmingham we love you
thank you very much everybody
and we're gonna have a lot of fun and
then get you out to those football games
have this many people I'm getting you
outta here I'm getting you out baby I'll
go watch one of them with you tell you I
love and you do have great teams you do
have great football players are great so
so a lot of things have happened over
the last week
lot of bad things actually we have a
president whose representatives very
poorly very very poorly
raptly actually we have a situation
where isis has raised its ugly head
again and we gotta chop off that had
like they're chopping off heads so
terrible you know I I did a lot of
tweeting equil donald Trump right at
real Donald Trump and I said you can
call it dumps they've got IQs at a low
believe me you can call the leader of
the dogs a mastermind can't do it I've
been watching for a week and now I will
tell you I really was it big when I said
the same thing and another speech
recently got a lot of play
you know they've taken the internet and
using it better than our country and
certainly our politicians and our
executives are using it better than
anybody and I were you
separable in all fairness this
acceptable and you have these kids
coming home and they say mom and dad did
you see the mastermind to mister major
more on that here by the way is also
dead which is great
and I told us they don't call Ms you're
building your building up their image
you know we have a president that
doesn't know anything about what we're
talking about he doesn't know in Iraq he
calls to head to supreme leader yes the
supreme leader I promise you I will
never called him the supreme leader
Colin Hay you hey how you doing are you
doing everything good case where we're
going to renegotiate your deal we're
gonna make it much better going to
renegotiate that sucker piggly and you
can you give us back those prisoners
before I take office ok gonna give us
give it give them back how about that
here we have carried who doesn't have a
clue week in effective baggage to make a
deal and we had all the cards we had a
hundred and fifty billion dollars to
negotiate with and what happens what
happens he is a loser just said he's
illusion that such a descriptive term
and some of the president user too much
for you know went to an Ivy League
college I know a lot of words but I'm a
loser is so nice to say good work
not only in describing certain crippled
that's a lot of people a lot of you but
you look a hundred and fifty billion
dollars going to a terrorist nation they
got everything they wanted about the
self inspection they self inspect about
that one
when they don't jump inspect we have 24
hours meaning they get 24 hours that
shoots into 24 days but the twenty-four
hours could go on forever before we get
the approval to start the clock ticking
for the 24 days but even if it did
twenty four days we think you doing
something wrong
oh ok comeback in 24 days was by that
time I have it
room clean I used to clean garages for
my father and I always used to say clean
and my father was said to me son I want
that garage in mint condition used to
use the term mint condition just a term
used immaculate not like what we do
nowadays things aren't so immaculate
thank you I don't know I think he said
something thank you but what happens
what we need what we need is we need
leadership so badly we can be so great
again
well left that where Scott that we're
rob was clear on what we're up you look
at the original you look at the
prisoners so you say why don't we have a
back and they said because we didn't
want to complicate the deal you believe
it so we have four men over there right
now in the worst of the worst I met one
of them a Christian pastor
his life twice so lovely cannot
understand nobody is fictional but he
calls a nobody talks about the
negotiation and that should have been
done early did you ever see a deal to
make sure we're giving them all of this
money that people are still pouring in
Europe so lucky to be in here by the way
look at
people a lot of people outside by the
way if you want we can wait about an
hour and everybody if you want to do
that to be angry they'll be pouring in
and by the time the last one gets in
I'll be saying goodbye make America
great again goodbye darling of the
people but that deal there and it took
so long to do one of the big magazines
call me up and said tell me how long
should have taken a shit day maybe of
you doing poorly two days to give it a
week we've been negotiating this thing
for years so here's my man over there
look at that book called that book I
dropped the art of the deal he read it
you shouldn't negotiated for us get me
that book of luck W that book bring up
took over here bring that book over here
bring it over here let me that book I'll
sign it I mean any guide that much
we should send a copy to Obama and to
carry believable health science books
during his speech with me is just racing
again about books go out and get
crippled american believe it or not
doing great but I think really like the
art of the deal was the hardest I have
worked on a book that I had a lot of
bestsellers right after that but it
didn't work so hard this is the second
largest I've ever worked in a book there
it is the second hardest and it talks
about america i mean it talks about the
problems of our country but it also
talks about how to fix the problems you
know like critics I never liked even
movie critics theater critics they
complain but they can't do it themselves
you know I don't like people that
complain so we talk about fixing our
country towards thank you fellows it's
very nice noticed group from Alabama I
mean
the guys up there hi mr Tumble you sign
the book I'm making this feature but the
answer is yes that's what happens when
you're aggressive he's an aggressive
guys are you looking for a job I'll give
you a show the iran deal took so long we
didn't get anything we lost every point
went on forever
during intermissions they'd be
celebrating in the streets of the
negotiators and as Obama would say the
supreme leader would stand up at the
podium and essentially say that the
United States has really really really
stupid leaders you know if I would doing
a deal and somebody said the kind of
things that they said and all of us
because sadly we're into the category of
been there representing us I would never
go back to the table now in the case of
the prisons they should we want the
prisoners released from now three years
ago
release them now you don't need him you
don't want to give people don't even
know you have them released the
prisoners now it'll be good for the deal
it'll set a good really good tone
released him now we want to do that and
I'll say bye bye and I'll leave the room
I'll then double up or triple up the
sanctions I guarantee you within 48
hours they will call and they will say
we are going to release the prisoners
but we're not doing it because of its
threat to you know that a yes ok we're
not doing it because of the threat but
we will release the prisoners and I'll
say thank you very much now we start
negotiating then I'd say listen one
thing you're not going to get is we're
not gonna give you a hundred and fifty
billion dollars without giving too much
money too much money so much you know
they're supplying many of the weapons
being used against our young men and
women over there you know that the road
bombs many of the weapons that are being
used are supplied by a ring that was
when they were poor now they're rich as
hell how stupid can we be as stupid can
we be and that's just a look that's just
one of many ok so here's the story I've
been coming out and I've been talking
for much and I hate to say I'm a
politician you believe it I have very
little respect for some fun but I have
almost no respect come down the
politician and numbers just came out
flat do we have any politicians in the
room raise your hand
yeah there are some of the back
excluding them they're fantastic leaders
I don't know
I'm excluding them there anybody in the
room that's a politician I think you're
fantastic but outside of this room they
don't have it folks they don't they
don't have so I've been doing this since
June and the pundits all said he'll
never run and then I read then they said
they get paid money to some of these
guys got a half a million dollars if you
watch on the various networks cable and
other was the room what with me that
been wrong all the time I'm driving them
nuts they don't know what to do they
don't know what to do not know they
don't want you I am driving them bunkers
guys like george will I swear you know
he looks like because he has a little
glasses if you take the glasses away
from him he's a dummy he needs those
last there's little spectacles United
seen that before
who else use glasses Peri Peri use
glasses they always have to me everyone
but but these pendants show they said
he'll never run with such sure you know
there was some sure he'll never filed
for May that's what you sign your life
away it's only one page he'll never fun
for me I filed for me now they said we
got problems then they said well we'll
never filed a private company nobody
knew how well I was doing it you know
they said he won't fight for their just
maybe he's not as richest people so what
happened it turned out almost a hundred
pages of the biggest one after me was
like three forever I'm not talking about
not talking about it almost a hundred
pages so they said he'll never file and
he does file you know you're entitled to
massive delays you can delay it forever
so that nobody gets to see you request
to delay so he does file he requested
the delay and delay will take forever
will never get the season jones and I
said so not only did I not ask 30 days
and you can have 45 days another 45 days
then you can request special I couldn't
take that long after the election the
election but they said so not only
didn't I S four delays I filed and
opened it up early early less than 30
and I had a team of lawyers and
accountants you wouldn't believe and we
filed this message of state and it
showed that a much bigger much richer
much too much anomaly by the way the
reason I'm saying this because they only
show that but then I'm going to show
what I'm gonna say much bigger much
stronger much richer the company's
phenomena some of the great assets of
the world Manhattan the rally in Miami
hundreds of acres Turnberry Scotland one
of the great places in the world
home of the Open Championship one of the
most important Gulf term you know
tremendous cash very low debt and my
state
gonna file it anyway people don't know
you know these guys said he'll never
file babies not as it turned out much
richer much much by two three times what
they thought and even a better company
now they should we have a problem with
the reason I tell you the last part is
because that's the kind of thinking
that's the kind of mentality whether we
like it what's in there or not that's
the kind of thinking and mentality that
we need in our country we need their I
didn't want to do this you have a nice
life I live nice we have a wonderful
family did anybody see barbara walters
last night owl night owl not sure she
barbara walters did a big special one
hour special last night on my family and
myself and it was really nice so it was
really it was really know they do it
because it's good to get good ratings I
have to tell you they don't do it for my
health but she was graded she's alleged
she's probably the greatest in the
history of television greatest female
greatest woman and in my opinion in the
history of television so she called she
said would like to do it
profile a one hour profile so those of
you that did get I don't know how to
help you see it's already over right but
you'll see it'll be around but it was
great I think it was really very
successful so what happens so what
happens is we really need that ability
because we have to take our country back
we have to bring our jobs back we have
to bring train
we have to repeal Obamacare we have to
replace we have we have we have to have
to build and we well I don't be afraid
it will be a great
we have to rebuild infrastructure our
roads our bridges 69% of them a
dangerous can you believe you drive it
over a bridge
innocently driver that collapsing you
know in China they built bridges that
make the George Washington Bridge look
like peanuts have built in little over
the place they believe the peanuts we
don't do this anymore we don't do
anything with building a bridge in the
San Francisco Bay you know who's
building at the Chinese are building a
bridge for us
costs over a massive they don't know
what to do and this is what's happened
so we're bringing our country back so
what's happening is until the attack in
Paris I was doing great I was talking
about trade because we're being ripped
by China Japan everybody and you've all
heard that you know ford is going there
you know nabisco's leaving Chicago
moving that big factories moving that
plant where they make the areas that I
will never eat again I'll never see them
again I'm not eating them anymore which
is good for a lot of reasons but I'm not
eating or if no other areas go is moving
their big plant out of Chicago and into
Mexico how is that good for us it's that
good for us folks I went to the best
school have dragged you don't have to go
to the best you have to go to high
school to know it's not good it's not
good for us and too many things so I be
talking about trade I love talking about
trade I will be the greatest jobs
president that God ever created that I
could
the best and every poll CNN the one with
the cameras all over the place look at
all those cameras back to believe you
know these other guys they come up with
their biggest each first of all instead
of having 10,000 people that have like
40 or 50 on a football day they might
have none but that have very few they
would have none of these guys back there
look at all those guys highly-paid
highly-paid I think 25% of a good people
would look at all but
happen when they make a speech nobody
was around the same thing over and over
and over and over and nobody cares about
a different group of 3,200 people I made
a speech in new hampshire recently I had
4,500 people only determined by the size
of the room I had 4,500 people jet bush
jeb bush down the road yet a hundred and
twenty-one people and you know what my
audience was energized and his audience
was like one sominex his audience was
sleeping
we're doing great it's a it's a message
but here's what I've been focused on
I've been focused on trade because i
dont wanna be somebody we have somebody
from time magazine media cover recently
now they hear again so I assume they're
considering me fun man of the year but a
few people I don't know I don't know I
say there's no way they give it to me
they can't because mentally they can't
they just they can't do it even if I
deserve it they can't do it you know
when I had the apprentice it was the
show that first season second season and
everybody should trump is gonna get the
NME
its easy he's gonna get the Emmy for the
apprentice and by the way their renewed
for two more years than I said I'm sorry
I'm not doing I love the apprentice but
I can't do it but everybody said I was
getting the apprentice and we went to
the Emmy Awards my wife and I and they
should ladies and gentlemen the next
distort reality television it's been a
spectacular show he's a spectacular host
it's been an amazing year and I stood up
and started walking there was nobody
even close and they said the winner
but that's the one thing that could have
been having the biggest crowds by far
bernie's crowd's attention big-league
nobody cares Bernie Sanders getting he
was second I was by far 1400 in Mobile
Alabama I mean we have a lot of people
but it really at 35,000 people but in
all fairness we didn't have football
games all over the place but Bernie
Sanders he blew it
during the first debate he looked at
hillary and he said the emails it's
wonderful it's fine so he got it twenty
second sound bite he got some applause
and guess what he's gone and now it's a
whole different thing honestly even as a
candidate should be so easy to beach is
going to be easy to be but I'll tell you
his number one she doesn't have the
strength and she doesn't have the
stamina and we need a president with
unbelievable strength and stamina and
how does not happen she doesn't have his
strength or this down and Bernie Sanders
he's all over his upper add about the
other guy O'Malley his credentials he's
the mayor of Baltimore ok he did a great
job in Baltimore that it became the
governor he was a third-rate governor
but he was the mayor of Baltimore now
I'm gonna decide to run for president
while we have these are professional
politicians all good is running for
office it's all good
they run they win they lose they run
they just run that's all they do I'm
against it right now and I have to tell
you some of the people that are running
against I like and respect some of my
like and respect some of them should not
be there some of them should not be
there
you want to know who I don't wanna do I
want to be nice I said to myself I'm
going to be nice to you know I said I
told a lot of the people back said
dammit some of the really great people
backstage with a cat pictures have a lot
of fun I said I'm going to be nice today
I'm not I said it I said it I am NOT
going to call Jeff Bush low energy I'm
not going to repeat it I'm not a
lightweight I said I'm not doing it I
will not do I said that I will not say
that ben Carson last week was a bad week
because his top person and his top
consultant said he's incapable of
learning about foreign policy that's a
bad thing and I won't say that he said
in his book that he suffers from
pathological disease i said im not gonna
say it I'm not saying and I'm not saying
that he won after his mother and wanted
to hit her over the head with a hammer
who does and that he tried to stab
somebody but the belt the belt got in
the way and I fell to the ground broken
and that his friend in the face with a
padlock so I'm not saying any of those
things about any of those people is that
ok all right I mean explain what are we
doing so in the polls in the polls I got
five part number one leadership by far
by far one of the economy it was so
leadership in the economy was so off the
chart like well CNN did it and there are
other people CNN's back there is that
right CNN I got these cameras if I'm
telling a lot I got problems you'll be
reading about it tomorrow so I killed
them on leadership I killed them on the
economy
killed them on the military and who's
going to protect from Isis
be so good for you I'm gonna make our
military is so powerful so strong so
strong I'm gonna make it so incredibly
powerful and strong that will never have
to use it nobody's gonna mess with us
folks that toy with us you know how to
keep her out the door that would be so
powerful you know how cheap that is we
have a president that we have general
Central Television general I'd like to
ask how we doing with not good if
they're very very tough enemy not well
general chat with me down I don't know
let me tell you my generals are gonna
kick ass then I'm going on television
you know I'm a big fan
General George Patton
now he was a horrible human being he was
terrible language he had a lot of
problems but he was one hell of a
general that's what I want I don't want
this stuff anymore I don't wanna I'm a
big fan also of general douglas there
right
very opposite he was a man with
tremendous style the corncob pipe the
hi-hat the whole thing to get out of the
plane like the enemy was like to him
they were like garbage out of my way
because he had a tremendous you go we
don't have that it we have we have said
lightweight people we have a bunch of
light which we have people that
shouldn't be doing this we have people
that shouldn't be leading us we are
people and you know what
in our services I will find the general
I will find the guys we have we have
generally got the we have general patton
you gotta know how to figure people we
put people because we had one general
who is really tough I won't say his name
but he got fired because he was very
very nice that he wasn't politically
correct and everybody said he was up as
general and they use foul language all
the time and he got fired because they
interviewed him and he was cursing all
over the magazine bring back we might
bring back is very good but that's what
we want its like again I can be more
politically correct than anybody that
lives on fifth avenue or park avenue you
much of which I built by the way you
look I have a better education than
almost all of these people you know I
actually the other day I think her name
is cokie roberts what a likely she was
on Morning Joe morning joe is saying how
well Trump is doing in the polls oppose
what we're doing and then I'm saying to
myself you know they talked about these
people as intellectuals I'm much more of
an intellectual a much smarter than them
I mean other people that are running our
and I went to better schools generally I
want the best schools i went to I did
well but I'm sure I have in my opinion a
much higher up tattoo but then I say I
hear that will you know the intellectual
elite of washington did not even smart
people most of them not even sports
people
and the reason I don't believe too much
in political correctness because it
takes too long we don't have time to be
politically correct we gotta kick ass
and get our country going to have to do
so and we're doing well so last night
late great poll camel riders Reuters
they don't know me they usually write
bad stuff about me they don't even like
the right so you know waiters alright
then they love to repair the good stuff
and they say I said what about that
story to write one group Associated
Press guy calls we're doing a story on
the US and the story is gonna be the
right you were doing a negative service
actually there were four deals that
weren't great but I made a lot of money
with them that's not being so what about
the good deals you know where another
job I made hundreds and I 500 companies
I made hundreds and hundreds of good
deals
hundreds even time magazine is on the
cover about the girl and they put some
why do you do that why don't you put the
good deals don't want to do this I don't
know why I actually think it sells
better she make hundreds of good deals
you've built up a tremendous net worth
tremendous they want to read about a
couple of deals that weren't so good
that I was really tough and I beat the
banks they have headaches and you know
what that's what we want I think and by
the way just so you understand these
factors are like you know you think of
the banker controlling that the little
old woman's money that way these are
vicious sometimes
terrible people so you gotta win so
what's happened just Reuters last night
comes out with a pole drunk
38.8 Carson honestly he's dropping like
a rock I do we have any Carson fans here
because he's dropping like a rock
14 points out so I'm 38.8 now remember
that's 38.8 where 15 people so how do
you have 38.8 percentage carson's at
14.7 Rubio is that can and cruises at
seven so we're winning we're winning big
in a place called Alabama Florida just
came out
dropped 37 they're sitting senator 16
and Carson sixth inning all over the
country
well winning in Ohio against case it is
totally overrated by the way we're
winning all of somebody over there
you know you have one guy over there
shouting we have thousands of people and
you'll read about him tomorrow they'll
say the room with had a ticket to hell
out of here with you please no matter
what we had at the other day I got
criticized we had it the other night I
had a lot of people and one guy who was
seriously obese he complained when I
mention that food stamps we have a lot
of people on food stamps and the guy
went crazy and they said that was a
politically correct errors we all have a
way you can get them out about the hell
outta here
here yet out no matter here did you see
Bernie Sanders said he was politically
correct to young women came up to the
podium they took over his microphone I
promise you that's not going to happen
with me I promise never gonna happen not
going to happen
can't let that stuff happens so what's
happened that is I've been talking about
trade up and talking about all of the
different things much of what you've
hurt and then a week ago we had a
horrible incident in Paris and you know
what my home
speech change and now it's about
security it's about borders it's about
protection it's about a lot of things
I'll take care I'll take care of dread I
can do that out of my back pocket I'll
take care Drake china will not be taken
advantage of us any longer
Japan will not be taken advantage we
have a four hundred billion dollar trade
imbalance each year with china not gonna
happen but what has happened is the
conversation has change of people in our
very much involved with Isis and
al-qaida and all of the things that were
going through with it and do things that
are very smart and we what happened
really people should I wonder will this
affect your number one they thought
maybe this would affect things and you
know what it has affected me we've gone
way up we've gotten way up
because people know that I'm going to
protect them I'm gonna protect him at
the borders I'll walk the people from
Syria coming in because we don't know
who they are we don't know and I don't
wanna be coming in we are in a position
now where when we completed our country
is going to be greater than it's ever
been
we have to move quickly we have to move
quickly we can't afford to lose another
election we can't afford week I think
I'm a very nice person I think a lot of
people think that people that know me
think I do I pride myself on it but this
time it's not about nice this is about
real real competition cuz we have to
bring our country back we have to bring
in the new york times they had a report
on the front page it was false
really false that was today how you want
to see something funny look at those
cameras turned around there following
the few people that are being thrown out
that would his
now what's this look at those
bloodsuckers back there they're turned
around and they're following the people
right because you have a small group of
people that made some noise it being
thrown out on their ass right now is
look at those cameras and yet whenever i
speak when we have crowd like this all
over the place
much bigger than this you know what
confined to fight the fire got your fire
guy said we can't have any more people
in the room it wasn't designed for this
many people so we have crowds and my
wife calm and I say how was everything
because it's on CNN it's on so many
different places it's gone away right
now entering its all of Fox everything
so I say did you see the crowd sure what
you mean no no they never show the crowd
they always have a fixture in your face
it's always fixed and they don't want to
show the cut because dishonest people
now they're dishonest people the media
is so dishonest
like this story on the front page of the
New York Times today front page I love
being on the front page and I'm from New
York New York Times front page but it's
a full story and Breitbart wrote it
correctly and now the time just
suffering but they write for stuff and
that had to do with whether or not we
register people ok and I want those
people coming in from Syria that Obama
wants to let in that people are fighting
but the republicans so far have been
very effective with a fighting we
finally when the senate we have the
house nothing happens it's always the
same we don't have two victories we
don't have the victory so what happens
is the rightful stories and in this case
they got called out by a lot of people
because you know you can only go so much
ok but these guys tell me no no we have
to have it fixed because sometimes also
in oklahoma we had twenty thousand
people recently in a field it was
supposed to be at a hotel then the
convention center we had to go to a
field because it was so many people we
had twenty thousand people in oklahoma
good football place pretty tough
football place so what happens I said
the place they refused to throw the
cameras stationed I said they would his
to every one of them they refused to fit
everyone and now I'm looking and there's
a few people that were shouting that got
thrown out of here and I see all the
cameras are turned so they can turn the
cameras
these are just lying people that bad new
book the pressure's really bad
the cameras over here fellas fan the
camera shows they don't do it they don't
go they don't do it they have very
dishonest people they tell you you don't
know they don't do it you're watching
television you wouldn't know if there
were people in this room are 10,000
people in this room they do it in the
room fell let's go ahead and the room
look I don't do it they don't do it
because they're really dishonest people
now 20 minutes ago those cameras were
turned all the way to the back of the
room where the other people belong there
were terrible people there in the back
and defending and they're showing its
disgusting be ashamed of yourselves
Hellas so now now what happened
yesterday some little wise guys he
looked like he was 12 years old got a
camera I'm signing autographs and I'm
going like this question
talking about the wall to wall built
this would end up signing autographs and
there's music playing in the background
and I'm leaving being being being
signing and Israel wise guy sitting
there and he's asking the questions I'm
it's not even important that I should
who you with you shouldn't be she wants
you said that I didn't bother answering
anymore cuz I know although they did you
mean saturday night live in there was
good how about the other guys about the
other guys they now want equal time ok
like like pataki not gonna help he's got
zero they could give him
12 Saturday Night Live's on our behalf
but not gonna have any effect will still
have zero but that's what they want so
the database but they also said the
world and I said the wall and I was
referring to the world but databases ok
and watch list is ok and sure villages
ok if you don't mind I wanna be I want
to surveil I want surveillance of these
people that are coming in the Trojan
horse I wanna know who the hell they are
and the biggest story yesterday the
biggest was trucked wants database
certainly what's happening here and I
spoke to the reporter the times and I
think I did it and i also said number
one you couldn't hear very well because
it's like walking over here you know
being but regardless of that doesn't
matter what I do want database for those
people coming in but I also insist on
the wall and it was all fun so his
district just to set it clear I want
surveillance of these people I want
surveillance if we have to
and I don't care I want are you ready
for this folks are you ready
DL gonna make it so big he said
something so politically incorrect
that's why we're going to hell because
we're so politically incorrect
such a big deal I want surveillance of
certain box so can if that's ok I want
surveillance and you know what we've had
it before it will happen again
hey i watch when the world trade center
came tumbling down and i watch in Jersey
City New Jersey we have thousands and
thousands of people were cheering as
that building was coming down thousands
of people were cheering so something's
going on we gotta find out what it is I
do want your village I will absolutely
take data based on the people coming in
from Syria if we can't stop it but we're
going to win I've made it known if I win
they're going back we can happen then
going back we can have happened and you
see it very clearly a few nut jobs in
Paris ok a few total not low-lifes the
guy with the dirty hat they say they got
him I hope they got him
he's wearing a filthy dirty hat that was
the one they were calling for five days
the mastermind mastermind mastermind is
a low life but they got him but there's
others out there we have to get up and
we have to use surveillance wait we have
to use surveillance we have to be
vigilant and you know the greatest thing
is everybody in this room everybody
outside of this room we have tremendous
eyes and ears when somebody's next you
in a house or an apartment
good to see the something going wrong
inform your local police their
incredible people to police their
incredible people they're incredible
people you don't have to call washington
when you're trying to figure out who the
hell do I call I just met a lot of your
police right now when I came off the
plane these are incredible top cookies
they want to do a great job get them
back their power and you're going to see
a lot of good things happen and sure
about the way you're always gonna have a
bad incident at a bad up when you have
that in any business no matter what you
gonna happen but we need vigilance when
you see something going on at the next
house at the next apartment when you see
certain people walking in and out all
day scouring things inform your local
police whether it's Birmingham
or wherever it might be they will take
over they know what to do them call
washington they'll get the guys those
guys don't have a chance but the eyes
and ears we have millions and millions
and millions of eyes and ears you can
solve the problem is nobody like the
people there's nobody like the people so
we are going to have a village we are
going to have the most interesting thing
that happened is all of the talk about
it because that was the other thing in
the polls that Trump is by far by far
the best on border security so that's
why when Paris happened the attack in
Paris that's why I went up because
people said he's the only one that says
it like it is so I went up and believe
me you're going to be really secure
to be more secure than even you know and
you offense ok you're gonna be secure
we're not playing games we're not
playing we will not be playing when I
brought up illegal immigration it was
like like a bomb nobody was talking
about this subject I brought it up and
rush limbaugh good guy he said nobody
should die right good guy good guy
really a fair guy and he says the true
maybe that's because he likes me but
Rush said nobody has ever taken incoming
nobody like Donald Trump and for two
weeks I did believe I said it's just
gonna be I can't do this the six seven
months but then it died down because
people started seeing I was right and
then I became the darling
and then you had a lot of bad things
happen you had Kate in San Francisco get
shot in the back by a guy that came over
five times probably pushed over get out
of here we don't want to take care of
you let the dummies from the United
States take care of you and he shot
beautiful Kate from San Francisco in the
back holding her father's hands looking
out onto the water and she dropped the
father and the family will never be the
same great family and then you had
Jameel whose son is so great senior and
junior and the fathers the apple of the
fathers right great football player
getting ready to go to college was gonna
go on a scholarship never had a trouble
in his life
walking home from the deli where he
bought himself and his father a sandwich
called his father said pop I'll be home
in 34 minutes and then the father heard
a gunshot outside her door from the
house and he knew immediately there was
a problem and he ran out of his son was
laying on the street almost dead with
bullet holes in his head with his hand
blown off course he was lying down going
like this in his hands were blown off it
was a 45 and then you have three four
weeks ago you had the woman a veteran 66
year old veteran raped sodomized and
killed by an illegal immigrant raped
sodomized and kill 66 years old and so
many more people should then you have
the drug problem our cities are infested
with drugs our youth is going you should
see New Hampshire has a heroin problem
the likes of which nobody can even
understand it's coming from an area that
we can step because it's destroying our
cities it's destroying most important is
destroying our youth is destroying our
future and we're gonna stop it stop
we're gonna stop all of the other things
that I usually talk about is now there
are very important
don't get me wrong Obamacare we mention
trade we mention all of these things are
all very important jobs jobs we
mentioned I'm gonna create so many jobs
we mention but let me just tell you but
what we're going to do is we're going to
be vigilant at our borders and we're not
letting people come into our country
unless they come in legally they've got
a commonly they gonna come in legally or
they're not coming in at all and we're
not gonna be this stupid sending more
with the stupid when known as the stupid
it's with the anchor babies a person has
she walks across a line she has the baby
in the united states now we have the
baby 14th amendment except for one thing
they didn't read the Fourteenth
Amendment right because it doesn't say
that it doesn't say that it doesn't say
that and for years I've been hearing it
but for years I've been building
buildings he created jobs I've created
tens of thousands of jobs I've been
doing jobs so I never really gave it
that much thought but now that I'm doing
this I want to make our country so great
now that I'm doing this I said it can't
be right now if somebody has a baby in
Mexico they were ok but if they did and
you should like a dog and by the way
that show with almost every country but
here you have a baby and now we have to
take care of that person for eighty-five
years or however long that but it
doesn't read that way then they said all
you need a constitutional amendment
which will take you
years and years you don't need you need
a simple act of Congress and in my
opinion you don't even need that because
if they come in illegally they're not
supposed to be having a baby here so I
don't even think and we're talking about
hundreds of thousands of people so
here's what we're gonna do if I win a
lot of good things are going to happen
first of all we're gonna win so much
we're gonna win we're going to win so I
sometimes I like these people much
better he says when we win we are going
to have so much victory and a joke about
it you can have wins and wins and wins
you gonna get sick of what I can't joke
because you never get sick right your
football teams if your football team
goes undefeated every year and every
year you never get tired of it but we're
gonna have great victories again we
don't want any more as a country we
don't win we lost on everything we lose
with ice as well as with everything when
we lose with health care
have you seen the premiums on Obamacare
up 35 45 55 percent it's a disaster and
now they're saying it's a disaster and
now they're saying we have to go back to
congress because in seventeen it all
exploded whoever's gonna be president is
not going to be easy but I'll solve the
problem
but it's not working and I give you my i
wouldn't work so hard I'm self funding
this campaign I'm the only one on the
online I'm the only one I don't know
that's a big deal to lot of people but I
could have I could have fun you know
these super PACs are a total scam the
super PACs have all this money they'll
do negative ads and me all over the
place a lot of will be false it's also
but by the time I end up winning what
happens is it's too late the election's
over so what do I get the super PACs are
a scam they have total control over the
candidates they do whatever the person
that puts the money up once if a man
owns a company in China and he gives
money to a super PAC Jeb Bush was over
as an example wanna keep using his name
but he's so he's so easy to sell his jet
which was over in germany as people are
over in germany trying to quell a German
company has gotten a big approval from
United States cut that's what happened
folks I know the obvious they've worked
for me nobody knows the game better than
I do I don't want anything I work for
you I work for you I worked I don't
wanna
I don't want it we're going to do what's
right for the country we're not gonna
let mexico take our car purposes which
by the way they're going to become the
car capital of the world pretty soon
Ford is building a massive plant there
others are building massive plant we
don't even vote we don't even fight you
have corporate inversions which by the
way the other candidates don't even know
what it is but essentially companies are
leaving the United States and going to
other lands to other countries and
they're dropping thousands and tens of
thousands of jobs and now it's starting
to get that and under my tax plan when
cutting everybody's taxes big-league big
lake and we're cutting corporate taxes
with the highest tax nation in the world
under my plan will be one of the lowest
and we're going to be a dynamic economy
again we're gonna be dynamic and we're
gonna bring back those trillions of
dollars trillions of dollars trillions
that companies can't get that they can't
get it back they can't get it back
because the politicians they all agreed
to come back but they can't make a deal
because there's gridlock in Washington
so we gonna bring it back and that money
is going to be put to work here and
we're gonna do think so what you're
seeing in front of my call me up he said
some believable what's happening what
you're seeing is a movement this isn't
about me what you're seeing is a
movement no matter where I go to same
thing it's the same love is like love in
the room is love in the room with other
people's love in the room and the
American Dream and I said the American
dream is dead but we're gonna make it
bigger and better and stronger than ever
before and we are going to make America
great again thank you I love you
thank you thank you thank you everybody
I love you gonna get it done