for me and I felt much better but they
were all waiting and it's going great
how are you doing great here and we're
doing great annihilating now in the
polls in Iowa everybody's a great trip
but we set the record on the group's I i
love you too darling who said that stand
up I love you I love you thank you and I
love that book you know I want to thank
Joe Dugan who has been fantastic he is a
good guy really good guy puts his heart
and his soul into this and nothing's
easy in life I can tell you but Jones
been doing it for a long time so he's a
very special guy we have a couple of
things to discuss you the beautiful
thing is that I don't use teleprompters
because I speak from the heart right in
and and ahead but the heart perhaps I go
the head first and then the hard cuz
maybe that's more important nowadays
when you look at what's happening to the
country but I like to be able to talk
about current events and when you read
the speeches you know a lot of the guys
get up and they read a speech bob up
they leave in 15 minutes
everybody goes what happened that's all
there is you know like the song is that
all there is so we don't read the
speeches in we don't do the teleprompter
thing but a couple of things we talked
about the debate because it was a great
experience it's been a great experience
for me has been for me for me has been a
great experience and I did I guess they
do who said their stand up
as rain as well we've had some
interesting debates in an interesting
time and it is different job bridges I
built a great business but it's been
job-producing and employ currently
thousands of people and over the years
tens of thousands of people many
hispanics and I say we gonna do
fantastically with Hispanics I think
we're gonna do incredibly with the
african-americans where I pulled her
well and somebody said there was a poll
that came out at twenty or twenty-five
percent 25% and they said have trumped
gets 25% of the african-american vote
the election's over you win I mean you
win but we do program and we both just
pulling a me no matter where I have a
list of not getting over it very much in
this group is a very intimate friendly
group of friends but and normally I love
to go to the polls because I'm number
one in every poll virtually and I love I
love to go but I'm not gonna bother
other than to say new hampshire through
the roof
going all over we are not playing games
we're not gonna do what they did the
last time if you remember the last time
we should have beaten Barack Obama
should have beat them something happened
something happened and I'm not blaming
Romney but you gotta work last month
that last month was important than
whether you like Obama and not every
time you turned on television he was on
Jay Leno and Letterman and all these and
our representative wasn't and we gotta
work and we have to work hard and with a
win this thing because having four more
years of Barack Obama but I think
perhaps worse depending on what happens
with her and her now maybe these guys
will look at all those cameras back
there well that's very impressive that
is very very impressive I thought this
is going to be just a little quick
stopover with my friends from the Tea
Party and Jerry and Joe all my look at
that group of people I guarantee you
they weren't here for the other groups I
guarantee I and i know you know it's
always tough when they come in every
speech made in the last two or three
months has been alive television right
they can have a speech which isn't
allowed television no no good I like it
I would love to do one or two before
this campaign actually that's not good
because that means things are not going
well if they stopped turning on those
televisions that means they so will
continue to go live ok but it it really
has been an interesting period of time
for me because I've been a businessman
and I negotiator and a job real estate
person that a lot of different deals but
mostly and I had a great time I love the
real estate business all over the world
doing deals all over the world were
doing a deal right on pennsylvania
avenue a big hotel that's going to be
spectacular right by the white house
it's sort of interesting is one way the
other I'm getting to Pennsylvania
be here or I'll be here that so much
difference so it's one way at any time
interesting it's the post office and
everybody so many companies wanted it's
one of the most sought-after projects in
the history of the general services
administration and it's an incredible
building the old post office and we we
got it which is amazing we got it in the
Obama administration can you believe how
can you believe it I was even surprised
I said you know I think we had the best
plan they wanted to make sure everybody
was very strong financially because they
want to get it done it's very important
economic and economic development and we
put our plan and others but you know
great companies many many companies in
great company is the biggest hotel
companies in the world and we were given
in about two years ago we started
construction and we're about a year
ahead of can you imagine that a year
ahead of schedule under budget and ahead
of schedule which is what the country
has to do is really what do you think
about the country so we're under budget
substantially and and I will tell you
under budget and yet we're building even
beyond because it's so good we're gonna
make that we think it's going to be
probably maybe the finest hotel in the
United States were going beyond that but
it's going to be one of the finest
hotels in the United States I have one
of them right now in chicago is
considered one of the great Hotels of
the World I think this is going to be
something i wanna see copied you don't
see top your own stuff but this is
something that the beauty is that when
you hear those words ahead of schedule
and under budget and I think that's so
important because I mean I see these
projects and I read about the projects
are in about one the other day where you
know the building an airplane and it's
it's five times over budget and its
years in years late sometimes decades
and by the time they get it it's
obsolete in there spent you know
billions and billions of dollars and you
look at what they do with these
submarines in the nuclear submarines and
all of the tremendous cost overruns that
they have and I just got a building
what the hell you doing and you gotta
get it done with the contractors and
there's so many soon as I can tell you
about government I mean a little ones
just quickly as the woman eight years
and the city couldn't get the ice
skating rink open in central park and I
got involved is when I was young but
there's nothing different i mean there's
no difference I just did one recently
which is almost the same thing entry
point they couldn't get his big golf
course project open hand has been under
construction they think for thirty years
it was a landfill and they don't even
know when it started a long time ago and
it would have I think it would have gone
on for many many more years and I got it
done in a year it's open now just got
the best best new course in the United
States and one of the big magazines and
is doing great but it is not that big I
mean although they I tell you something
world's most expensive government spent
over 200 million dollars maybe seven you
know but they spent over 200 million
dollars to build I think it's much more
than that nobody even knows who they
know they have no idea you know when you
say you to know the money and here we're
talking about local government can you
imagine what the federal government is
wasting and when you see the kind of
waste fraud corruption it's incredible
with a woman drinks ahead and ice
skating rink and have a daughter Ivanka
who everybody knows she's a little bit
oh yeah and she said to me daddy I'd
like to go next year to learn about it
would look down in the ring and that she
should come let daddy and its it maybe
it's really and then finally after about
three four user asking me it's a nice
simple but it's a nice ring as massive
as one of the biggest in and to this day
been running ever since but it does
great but I said about four years of
risk and I said and I went down and I
look until hundreds massive piece of
concrete you know probably six seven
eight times the size of this room and i
said
workers in the raw sitting there and has
been going on for years and years and
years and I went to the mayor of New
York City with the time was a mean
forget about her but the whole city they
can was like on the front page of the
papers again get a nice getting so it
was that easy with him believe me
because he didn't want to be stood up it
was a very paranoid guy that I can tell
you
and finally went to the newspapers I
said I want to build it I want to get it
open I get it open for months now I
can't do it for two million dollars I
will pay for the course myself and they
had spent probably you know they don't
say there's another universe find out
with these I think there's been over 20
million dollars and I said I spent and
most of the money that has been spent a
lot of loose demolition began to tear
down everything anyway finally he agreed
to let me do it I took it over and the
ice was melting ice and the slab was
poured in other words it's gonna be
level so the water is in ICU create one
part the water was like a foot and a
half high the other plotters down here
so they could make the water and I
should be so in a rip out the entire
slip and then I saw the man who was the
freezing man I said where is your office
located in Miami Beach Miami Beach he
said no I've never done and we focus on
air condition is it that makes sense I
like air condition but I don't so I said
well what's the problem and I said you
know what I friend of mine works for the
Montreal Canadiens ice hockey team is
great in house he comes down he looks at
me sees it comes close 10 minutes after
he said mr. Trump using free hun you
want to use water was so should you have
free on their pouring you have to see
this they have tubes of of copper and
the tubes of copper miles long as it
goes from one side after be three inches
apart goes back forth and it put the
copper and copper is very expensive and
very valuable so every
the copper that come back the next day
was all stolen ok so they delayed again
Atlantic and then finally they weren't
hired a big security company that guards
all around the rink and the other
problem with this whole miles of this
stuff because it's so long and if
there's a pinhole the gas escapes and
you know me so I said to him what's
going on so they finally got security
and they were great they did for seven
days and then the security took a day
off the entire Inc was wiped out that it
was this year's somebody made a fortune
on comp anyway so I get this guy john
nice guy from the Montreal Canadiens
real hockey people in nice people and he
said what you want is a rubber hose you
put water in it and you put salt in the
water and assault means the water can
trees he said we called Brian and a
machine and the machine takes it mixes
put it through its simple and you need
rubber hose nobody steals per I guess a
steel rubber to write that New York you
know maybe there's still a maybe they
won't actually New Yorkers have very
high values that wants two hundred and
nobody stands nobody steals and nobody
shoots self so we laid miles up I took
out all of the country we laid miles up
of the rubber and we text tested were no
leaks no nothing to his know that
because nobody wants and we laid just
beautiful then we called up the concrete
guys we have we had the most incredible
poor because it's such a huge slab and
ideally you want to port city doesn't
know so we've been the construction
people report a one-time beautiful job
and the cement mixers were lined up this
is at 58th Street 59 the cement Mix's
were lined up to harlem all the way back
that's a long and they poured all day
long they portrayed in half and was
beautiful perfectly level done with
lasers anyway
bottom line turned it on what the Brian
Truitt the water and beautiful eyes to
this day and identify less than two
million dollars and they study it now
and we can do the same thing
on Aug it's the same it's no good it's
not very funny I like I like newt
gingrich actually newt Gingrich I like
newt he's a great guy and he called me
up he said you know I read the story
about woman would you please tell them
the story of Wollman Rink so that's why
I haven't told us that story is honor of
newt what he really thinks it's because
it's indicative of it finished
way ahead of schedule and today it's
probably the busiest ice skating rink on
a Saturday have lines of her four blocks
long to get in and people are great and
the place so if you have knowledge like
you don't use people from miami Beach to
do rain with you know and by the way
they do use you know use freon server
uses we have an air conditions a little
different than I wouldn't want to use
Brian for that but it's sort of you have
to use people that know what they're
doing but newt Columbia BC you gotta
tell the church is at such a good and
it's been it's been a great thing and
and cities a lot of money and it's been
it's been really great expense and
actually study of the great business
people with private business government
and is something very true about that we
have a lot of we have a lot of things
have happened since we since we made
this journey and I journeyed fourth and
it takes guts and on june sixteenth do
this and I'll never forget standing at
the top of the now-famous escalated as
you've seen that picture with myself
coming down with Mama Mia and I'll never
forget looking down into that basement
level and seeing all of these guys are
what you have down there as much as you
have down there now times and it looked
like the Academy Awards and we gave a
speech and we talked about illegal
immigration
Rush Limbaugh said he's never seen
incoming like he saw with incoming means
trying to get you and then it turned out
the killing of cape and you had your
meal and you had so many other things
happen the veteran sixty-five years
older woman 65 years old a veteran of
the army and she was raped sodomized
killed by the legal and so much so much
and we have strong strong strong build a
war
and you go up and you go up to new
hampshire it's amazing his new hampshire
their amazing people and have a
tremendous you wouldn't think you know
you don't equate that with one of the
first questions I get all the time and
it pours in through the southern border
and believe me when I'm on stage with
these guys ok and it's now guys doing
the other one which is fine when I'm on
stage with these guys doing this so
they're saying and I like some of that
they did not think it makes a fortune
the wall is peanuts China
13,000 miles long two thousand years ago
and my ambitions have always be much
higher as I could be much bigger gives
you the window that was like three times
wider than this room we don't need to
with we need the height but China built
a wall two thousand years ago that's
thirteen thousand we essentially need a
thousand miles its 2,000 miles but we
really natural borders natural barriers
and a very very so we're going to build
a wall and mexico Mexico I love the
people of Mexico many many Mexican
people and I do business with the
leaders at 22 coming to shock and people
could come into the country to a process
they gonna come in legally and we're
gonna have a country back because right
now we don't have a
gonna be a beautiful what's going to be
a big wall it's gonna see the ceiling
the ceiling is peanuts believe me this
is not a wall
many times and that's where this web
somebody ever get something that I gonna
wanna come down version so we're gonna
have a great wall and its gonna do the
trick and you know you can ask about
walls because Israel about walls is work
when you have the right wall and when I
see the way we negotiate for instance
wild years about the prisons are gone
the hostages are four people so let's
start with the other day we had 10
sailors who innocently probably went a
little bit of water that was not a big
deal when I saw the young people on
their needs in a bag in position with a
heads above the head and rifles pointing
at the head and I heard the voices heard
it because downplayed it is the first
this was not a nice character and I and
you know they're trying to downplay it
as much as possible and then finally
they released him
450 billion so I've been hitting them
hard and I think I might have something
to do with it is using its a part of my
staples Inc I mean I go crazy when i
when i hear about this you go you go
absolutely wild because we have one
who's in there was a reporter for the
washington post didn't do anything wrong
by the way he had something but you have
you have a person who's in there because
he's a minister is a Christian pastor
and you have people that didn't have one
of the worst prisons
world and we should have been done right
at the beginning they should have said
listen we have a president would say no
you leave the room that the sanctions
are within 48 hours but we waited and
waited so here's the deal they getting
you know they get their money today or
tomorrow so the prisoners are going to
be relieved when they get the money
hundred and fifty years before but
they're getting seven people that
they've wanted much more serious real
people real people meaning they
committed real problems and they're
getting I guess fourteen or fifteen
other people that are on the watch list
of Tara and other fees are really bad
dudes and they're being taken off the
water so they getting essentially 22
people and a hundred and fifty billion
so we give them that we give them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars we
give them essentially 22 people
21 22 people but these are people that
really did have problems and we're
getting better for people that didn't do
anything that's the way it's sad it's so
sad and this has been going on forever
Bergdahl we get Bergdahl a dirty rotten
traders right we get Bergdahl sergeant
Bergdahl how did we get Bergdahl we get
there and they get 15 people
killers that are back on the
battlefields depressing still not back
them back by people that they most
wanted their back on the battlefield or
will be high level people that they
wanted for nine years so we get a dirty
rotten trader and I fly back linebacker
drop a ride to hell right now
I would drop them five people at least
it could be six but at least five people
were killed looking for you know they
went out looking from this is not
friendly territory and they went out
looking for at least five people were
killed killed looking for birds and
their burgers and let people know the
old days when we were strong as a
country would have been shot it would've
been like fast trial fair trial of his
guilty he's gone right now there have
been forty fifty years ago twenty years
ago at least be imprisoned for ten years
ago he would have been in prison maybe
six people five people more shirts
because they say another one and I saw
the parents and they think but I'll tell
you we have to change our ways we have
to be smart we have to be vigilant we
have to be tough I turn on the
television today what do I see islamic
right right
radical islamic hotel blown-up blown to
pieces
hundreds of people horribly wounded and
burning in running onto the streets I
mean they say 25 killed it was as of
this morning when it happens you know
the tremendous
gotta be careful what you choose to do
this we gotta make sure the Syrian the
migration we don't know where these
people come from we don't know where
we don't know whether we have no idea
you know the story the Trojan horses
could be the ultimate but we have no
idea where they come from I have a big
heart I actually do the world's most
militarised at present but that doesn't
mean I want to use it I want to have it
because we need it and I'm the one that
didn't want to go into Iraq and you've
seen that in you heard me say it in 2003
2004 then headlines trumps is dole going
to Rocky gonna destabilize the Middle
East Trump writes in his book in the
year 2000 about Osama bin Laden and I
saw on the television and read about in
the papers and threatening to take him
out nobody took him a chance to take
about bill clinton actually had a chance
to take him out they never pull the
trigger you've heard that and they
decided not to pull the trigger and they
pulled the trigger it probably wouldn't
have had that destruction as he was
really in charge of that whole world
trade center horror show that CNN
visions so some people say oh dropped
his return in mid their little like Bush
Bush is like low energy lost another
really does is run for office he loses
debates but he said I think of who won
the debate to drop when the debate
you know the polls indicate for every
day virtually every debate the pozole
indicate they do the polls drug use an
amazing guy is a poll time magazine
slate all these you know they all have
these polls PBS online possible for
everything I love when your number one
of a number to ensure the number two I
wouldn't even be happy being number two
mean I'm that's what I want every poll
every poll the online polls a comeback
in fact my daughter goes did you leading
in the polls leading and every time we
have a debate and but sometimes the
pundits on so good to me
other words I may be leading big 12
million by 67% to you know second line
67 percent think of it and then I was
like Donald Trump people this is the
first debate with actually see one they
said I want finally they getting some
are they getting what I enjoy I enjoy
the process but we have really more fun
I love that is amazing company plans a
lot of people say you'll never run and
then the pundits and they said I never
signed for May 21 pages basically is
cited
because you know he's probably not as
rich as everybody so I put in my
financials
them anyway because I would want to show
because nobody
is true it's people Donovan sampling the
financials and you had to see these guys
see that group all those people back
there there it made them look like
peanuts waiting in front of the federal
election trying to find him and
everybody and the funny thing is I had
almost 200 pages of financials and with
tremendous numbers and he's gonna ask
given 45 days so LSU extensions beyond
the election
fellows any extensions whatever it is it
is we filed the numbers of interesting
very little debt tremendous cash let
some of the great assets so many as his
own 40 World Bank of America big chunk
Bank of America building in San France's
1290 Avenue of the Americas one of the
biggest office buildings in New York and
so many others and he said what's and we
need to get our country will 19 trillion
dollars they just made this budget deal
that's how you know they made it they
didn't like in one day right one day it
was done in one day I never saw and I'm
actually more disappointed and
Republican but I'm more disappointed
with republicans because the concern
right
democrats said the other day Obama is
the worst negotiator I've ever seen
except when it comes to negotiating with
the republicans any great negotiate
right it's true I mean a much more
disappointed with republicans and it
went so quickly took like a day it was
like they said they're putting in a
budget and you took it about a budgets
gonna raise up the debt from 19 to 21
trillion dollars very quickly and it
really it funds Obamacare funds the
syrians coming in and funds people
coming in through the border I don't
know what these people are thinking
about you know we all put and party with
tough I tell people supported by the way
have to take some getting great support
from evangelicals every group and its
amazing people amazing they want one
thing they want to make this country
great again and wanna make the country
great again they're amazing
dedicated wonderful americans and they
want to see good things happen to find
the Tea Party and sometimes I say maybe
we should work on a public relations
drivers and they want to see this
country gets strong be great again pay
less taxes make the dollar stretch
better have strong borders protect the
Second Amendment which we're going to do
to get rid of Common Core i mean when
when guys like when guys like Bush come
down and then Lindsey Graham supports
him but I don't know if Lindsey Graham
even knows this but bush is in favor of
Common Core nobody can win when you're
in favor and he's also weaken
immigration member they come across the
borders and active loved remember
I heard those days the Common Core act
of love and Lindsey Graham supporting I
like I like him now that he's out he
gave him but he supported in favor of
common core and also so you know it's
one of those but it doesn't make any
difference 'cause lindsey is going to
give him all of his people that voted
for Lindsay you know that is 00
everybody that voted for Lindsay right
everybody that voted for Lindsay's going
to say everybody is going to push and
say which went down time in the accident
which is hard to do when you're three
you know what I do like talking about
this video he keeps takin ads about a
look at what he keeps taking these days
spending a fortune ads against and about
seven or eight guys before he gets to me
I would if I were him honestly I'd take
a guy in front of a couple of Giessen
rights don't you think that the guy up
here because he may do damage to me
which should be fine but you know he's
not gonna benefit one of the other guys
gonna benefit so it's a little stupid
but this kind of thinking we have going
on his
but but think of it and I use I use jab
as it's a shame to his last name what is
a good brand is making a mistake jeb
with you know with the exclamation
Bush it's ok if it doesn't work any
worse than it is now right
two percent 2% ok but here's the thing
is so jammed has spent this is like the
woman skating this is like the hotel
right under budget ahead of schedule me
so Jabba spent 69 million dollars so far
would be great if you could give that
money to the Wounded Warriors than
wasting least you know his campaign
manager these ppl ago now buying
Ferraris and stuff I assume I'm in an
hour but they're making a lot of money I
heard he took millions of dollars in
Texas never get the texts he took you
know why they don't spend the money the
guys in the campaign can take it
commissioned ok does anyone know that
you know vicious that is telling you
working in those campaigns is better
than being a real estate broker in South
Carolina it's terrible but Japanese
spent 69 million dollars and essentially
the bottom of the barrel like nothing
like nothing and I'm Way ahead amway up
by 20 points or something i mean twenty
points ahead
they'd like to have 20 points 20 points
ahead and I said oh and by the way just
so you understand I don't want to be
like somebody said why i said two
reasons number one chance ok I just what
I authorize a pretty big by in Iowa New
Hampshire and South Carolina but I said
I mean if you look at it I just feel
guilty
I feel so guilty because I haven't spent
anything and all these guys and I feel a
little bit guilty and sometimes I say
why aren't you spending because they
have a 24 . lead me what they call it
earned media and you know like Face the
Nation the other day I did raise the
nation two weeks ago and I got a note
from very very nice from CBS they had
the highest rating and by the way this
was like 12 cameras running this is
legit stuff they had the highest rating
in 15 16 years since the fall of the
world they interviewed they had the
highest rating 4.7 million people they
do meet the press had its highest george
stephanopoulos the highest ready so that
gives you can get things but when you
have because they want you when other
people whose names but when other people
call it a day can edge against me but
when other people call it didn't really
care about ratings if you had terrible
poll numbers right I got good ratings
which usually doesn't work usually they
go hand in hand but they don't give up
on them so when you have the ship so I
have a lot of earned media so here I am
i spend no money practically no money
most of its the fuel for my jet then
they say he leases it from himself I see
I have to at least by jet market value
and pays so that thinkers Trump is
making money on this campaign he's
paying themselves funny myself we had
one headline that jump may be the first
candidate in history to actually make
money running for president
we're at and we're selling and we are
we're selling those Donald J trump dot
com right was selling the hats hats make
America great again the shirts we sell
in the dot-com a handsome young and
we're doing but anyway I feel guilty and
I really do and I just want to do it and
I don't want to take a chance so we're
spending money now it's really wasting
but here's a look at it and 37.9 million
under budget
I think I think it by by january first
which is couple of weeks ago I would
have spent 37.9 million I think that was
the number right around that time spent
nothing some so far under budget so if
you don't mind and I love telling the
story that I spent nothing and I'm up
here
other guys spent tremendous amounts of
money and they're down in the toilet
right I love telling this because if you
can equate that to the country think
this in education we're number one in
the world in cost per student by a
factor of many in number two is way way
it doesn't even exist practically we
spend more per pupil than anybody else
by far and yet we're number 28 in terms
of quality so we spend more than anybody
else and to a large extent that's common
core
you know these people are making a
fortune
they don't give a damn about your kids
in South Carolina at some of them doing
a lot of them don't they want to know
how much are they getting paid this week
and they do things in the right things
and you studying things you know you
don't want to be so what would it be
nice if so we spend the most amount of
money and where a you know doing
horribly we have third-world nations
that have better education than the
united states and yet we spent many
times more than what anybody else would
it be nice if you could take my campaign
we spend the least and we have the best
we spend delays
and we have the best and one of these
kids have you know i i think it's Norway
Sweden China you know some of these
places have phenomenal educational
systems and one of the folks who tell me
actually an Iowa they said is to try
their trying to get us to go to norway
so we can do that so easy but they won't
let us from washington itself and his
appearances of people that really love
the students these are great people that
love to students love the teachers want
to have the right teachers there's no
way of supervising it from washington
but Norway Sweden China these are places
that have unbelievable areas of
education and I think Norway and Sweden
alike number one and two and they study
they can implemented because Washington
so money and with a big believer in
education
used to cut it short his strong borders
we can have the wall when I get paid for
it to be a beautiful
someday though the trouble to have to
make it beautiful as opposed to we're
gonna make it beautiful and very
effective ok we're going to take care of
our military we're going to rebuild it
wouldn't be so strong and by the way
that's cheaper than what we're doing now
what we're doing now is insanity will
week and they know a week you know when
you hear we're not going here we're not
going there i been sayin bomb the oil
for how many years you been listening to
three years there just became rich with
the bomb the oil in a one of the reasons
I can't believe it they actually said
it's true to me it's hard to believe
it's true
one of the reasons it in one of
environmental pollution it's a true now
they say the smoke and everything going
into the atmosphere is bad for the
environment not true and I don't know
maybe they were kidding from the white
house maybe they were kidding I don't
think it's anything to get about
environmental pollution so how do you
think General George Patton he needed
people in that thing how do you think
General George Patton would feel about
environmental pollution does three years
ago and if the president said no way
he'd say oh I'm sorry president I'd like
to apologize when General Douglas
MacArthur and we have General Douglas
MacArthur and we have george cat right
now coming out of West Point coming out
of an apple is coming out of the Air
Force Academy I mean I went to a great
school but I know those goals and those
are great schools we have great people
but a lot of times our great and tough
and smart go to the top because they're
not politically correct one of the guys
too tough he's too small he uses bad
language or she rushed we need smart
tough people we had to let our top
people go to the top when it comes to
trade with china with so much money with
Japan China Vietnam is a new and Mexico
everybody beats I know this
nobody ever calls Carl Icahn one of the
richest people he doesn't care he does
he care about the money he wants his
hundred and he wants to do something if
I took getting killed with china trade
and by the way they come they don't pay
tax when we send any attacks and you can
even get your product is totally unfair
trade a five hundred million dollars
hundred billion deficit then some enjoy
your not a free trader this attempt I
mean how long have to be a free-trade
lose five hundred billion dollars a year
right and you know the funny thing if we
have a tough and come to the table fast
because they would have a depression
that likes of which nobody's ever see we
have rebuilt china china's done to us is
one of the greatest chefs in the history
of the world we have rebuilt China and
nobody and I mean beyond Obama I'm not
just play my Obama has done nothing but
nobody nobody has done it has been going
on for years and years and years with
drugs so what I'm going to do is have
country with spirit we can have a
country with smartest and brightest
people I know who they are and I've been
there I've seen the greatest negotiated
over-rated something underrated some you
never use the people that know how to do
it they using right now political hacks
the using people they gave campaign
contributions I mean you give a campaign
contribution to Ted Drewes you get
whatever the hell you want whenever you
want
and he's a very nice but you give him
you have to get right
you have to go out me gives me he didn't
reported bank loans excuse me did report
his Bangla say whenever you want he
didn't report bank loans he didn't
report is bank loans get bank loans from
Goldman Sachs is got bank loans from
Citibank folks and then and then and
then he acts like Robin Hood you know
say whatever you want but doesn't work
that way so we have to use our best
people we have to be smart we have to be
tough we have to be vigilant and we can
do it and we can make america greater
than ever before
thank you thank you everybody thank you
everybody