charging take your questions and now
without further ado please welcome the
next president of the United States
wow
wow
we're going to take our country back
stupid country led by
and we are going to win
so today I will always do and I turned
on television you saw that CNN came out
with a new poll write to EC this fall
people say why do you always mention
polls because ammo is number one in the
polls for you
very important in other polls and in
just about every poem now we beat
Hillary so bad Reyes
and I mean is no strength no stamina she
cannot lead us it's a corrupt Dale and
say corrupt deal she shouldn't be
allowed to run and we will put an end to
enjoy
so the Fox CNN was amazing I love you
love his winning something I have to
tell you as good as this is we have to
get out there and vote because you know
it's never easy it's never easy and we
have a little bit of a structural
disadvantages Republicans and
conservatives so we have to get out
there and vote now dropped 36 now think
you've got fifteen people running and
yes 36 that's good
remember they said I started off I had
six they said well that's a plateau then
the next week it went to 12 then I went
to 18 and every week said well that's
his Mac says hi and i went to twenties
and went to 25 and 28 and every week now
it's just 36 in another paul hasn't
heard 4240
amazed
ok so we're in the CNN poll where at 36
second places 16 then you have a 12 year
before you have a 33 push prices great
bye bye
you know I just this and I'm embarrassed
by it but you see all the bridge
commercials it doesn't stop so he's not
boring low energy but I think somebody
told me he spent 32 million downs hilary
is then more than that this spending
money like you wouldn't believe so I
have spent the least amount of money and
have the best result that's what we want
at least
would it be nice if we could do that
with our country and have the best
now I'm self funding my campaign which
I'm happy you're so many people like
that is like a big deal because you know
one thing for all of the people that
have you know when your number one
position they all call all done and we
want to give you $5 million 1,000,000 I
said no one actually feel guilty because
all my life I take that was our business
today I don't want it
it's one is one person and the dishonest
media they are just as you don't believe
the most
they're the most design has been a big
percentage of myself as hard as they are
so dishonest they will make that one
person into the headline they can't even
used to put the s but they'll say Trump
protester
they don't say that you want 2012
thousand people by the way a lot of
people pouring into a lot of people
outside I have an idea should we wait
about 45 minutes let everybody come into
the room
know right but you'll see that tomorrow
the protest and one protester said that
some cake and be very nice said a
protester you know we always have a
couple and usually have not but
sometimes we have come and get him out
of the room then they sound as nice as a
very careful be very gentle don't hurt
to protest and they say he was very weak
tonight so you can win some tried to cut
it right down the middle to make sure
that young lady is a beautiful shame
and if she'd like to come back into
invited back in
tremendous negotiator will use one of
these countries
what's happening and what we're saying
and I talked about the silent majority
but status Alan Johnson noisy noisy
noisy incredible majority and it is a
majority but he said how do you speak in
front of and I don't use like
teleprompters and they don't have a
written speech and like that ever
written speech be so easy to read
ladies and gentlemen and by the way I
love North Carolina in Charlotte I have
a great drop Trump National Golf Club
it's a tremendous success
and I love it I love it I think it's one
of the most beautiful places I have to
tell you this so I am places in Miami
I'm places in Palm Beach and places all
over the place ok thats by the way this
kind of thinking we need it but I send
my cruise down to different places to
fix my roving groups these guys they're
like they're all over the place and they
come to North Carolina and they call me
back and they always wanted to retire to
florida and they left arm and I love
Florida and by the way I'm winning in
the polls and rod and gets a senator who
never farts well I'm beating to senator
who never boats and a former governor
and we're winning by a lot but they come
down to North Carolina not thinking
about North Carolina and every single
time they come back they say mr. Trump
that's why I want to spend the rest of
my life too soon
I don't know if you want them they're
rough guys but they're very good at what
they do but they love it and I love it
we have a situation in our country where
we have a president who is out of
control is out of control I don't know
why I don't know why but you won't even
is use the term won't say the term as to
what's happening and he dragged there
he'd rather see this you would rather
you ask him what's your biggest problem
I we have ice is trying to blow up from
buildings are cities and destroy us and
by the way chopping off heads of your
Christian we have ice is just like
medieval times you know in medieval
times they chopped up said whoever heard
of this until accomplished using about
the cage they drowned and then people
say to me this the jump they chopped up
heads they drowned people who steal
changes I get asked by one of these
carriages a few weeks ago miss a drop
what do you think of waterboarding
I said a couple of steps beyond
waterboarding
and then I guess I mean I say
waterboarding is fine and they do
stories about me that i'm gonna stuff
and then push he said this to drop stone
his tone is very tough look what the
world is doing hers they're beating us
militarily we can beat Isis they're
beating us militarily they're beating us
on train we go into Iraq and we spend
billions of dollars in Iraq billions and
then we spent with the final number
what's the final number two trillion
dollars we lose thousands of lives in
Iraq we have haunted worries why I love
all over the place
and what we have we have nothing we have
nothing and you remember I said keep the
oil keep the oil and did a lot for three
years and been saying keep the dead
people saying what has dropped to about
this about a week ago this Sunday
knocking the hell out of the oil but
they'll beat up but they won't keep him
because in action on enough we should
keep it and we should keep it
correct belongs the spoils we're the
only people we go in we fight we lose
most importantly and sadly we lose lives
we spend trillions and trillions of
dollars we leave we get nothing now iraq
has taken over Iraq and who's taken the
oil Isis Isis
around is gonna walk in I said don't go
in and I'm the most militaristic person
in this room other than this kind of
Scotland's pretty rough but I'm the most
of CNN but you have to know when to do
it you know when to using I want to
build our military so and so strong
nobody nobody nobody got a message and
we've gotta take care of our vet Sarah
greatest paper
we have pets that are in waiting rooms
four five six and seven days before they
can see a doctor and they're dying
before they are literally dying by the
thousands waiting for service and in
some cases routine service they need a
procedure they need a pill they need a
prescription they die they died and
these are the people that's why we're
here we're gonna take care of our vets
went to take care of our wounded
warriors who are greatest and most
incredible big with the wounded warriors
and within minutes we take the oil and
we get the families that lost people in
Iraq and Afghanistan and other places we
give them money will let them have money
because they need they gotta get
something they gotta get some and we
take care of those people we take care
of our vets we take care of our military
we got into it and we're going to do it
and we're going to do it as soon as I
went by when I'm telling you we are
going to be so proud of our contract
again
where Iran who laughs at our stupidity
gets a hundred and fifty billion dollars
we make a horrible deal with 24 day
areas before we can go in and steal and
destroy the 24 days it's a whole
procedure so the 24 days can be much
longer and how do you like where they
can sell a rare and can go and
self-respect and all mister president
everything's hi this is Carrie this is
they didn't read the art of the deal
they are grossly incompetent people they
weren't meant for the job and we gotta
get about we gotta get them out
hilary is going to be just as bad
hilary is going to be just as dead if
you look at hillary hillary
thank you thousands of people are
pouring in and we have to get rid of one
person is wasting my time people coming
come out
it is amazing people pouring into this
room with all of the people here we have
to waste time when one or two people
it's really ridiculous in my opinion she
does she wakes up she doesn't have that
she puts on a pantsuit she walks in four
days five days you know why she goes
that calm as she goes to sleep
this is not what we need is a president
we need tremendous energy we need
tremendous smart we need somebody that's
gonna get the job
to get the job done
you don't talk about this is much for
the last two weeks because I'm now
drunken more and more border security
went to build along Mexico's gonna pay
for the law
we're not going to let people come into
our country that we have no idea who
they are where they come from them no
documentation
Trojan horse these are the strongest
looking people I've ever seen the
migration they're all men who look at
this young man I say why are they
fighting for their country what are they
doing so we're gonna linda Shaw his
effect so I said they want to about
200,000 and I've heard that number I'm
pretty good at this stuff and if you
look I made a lot of right decisions
listen to this so they say 10,000 how it
was three thousand hours tent house but
in the democratic debate what was the
number they talked about 65,000 they
want to allow two hundred to two hundred
and fifty thousand and in my opinion how
stupid can we make we know nothing about
these dreams we don't have any idea
where they come from military and the
police have told us the military and the
police have told us there is no way in a
million years of finding out where
they're from
I mean we can't even do a website for
Obamacare we spend $5 doing the website
and with some guy comes who doesn't have
and I do like this we all have heart and
I do like building in a safe Sun some
places here that's what Merkel should've
done instead of what's going on in
Germany's a disaster
and will contribute and we'll get the
Gulf says who are so well will
contribute will help because we want to
help people but we don't want these
people coming to the united says and if
they do
here they do I don't i win they're going
back they've gotta go back
we r 19 trillion dollars
see they've got strategy one there one
here one in three different places so
self our really I think it might be
three so remember this we're going to
have our borders back we're going to
create strong borders and I mean strong
we are going to build a wall so powerful
and so tall and so strong and we let
people come in but they're all coming in
legally we wanted to come here legally
or illegally
what I've been doing is talking very
strongly about trade and China and how
everybody's ripping off our country and
how we don't know what we're doing over
the last couple of weeks since we had
the tragedies we all had the tragedy in
Paris now we had another one which again
was the same thing how about the person
that knew I was going on said they
didn't wanna report them because they
think it might be racial profiling did
you see that I did you see that
and I'm not sure do I believe the
president be that dumb but they didn't
want to report cuz they didn't want to
be involved with racial profiling we
have become so politically correct to we
don't know what the hell with doing
made that announcement it takes guts to
run for president don't get it
tax cuts and not so much for a
politician and when and by the way
watch the super PACs because the super
PACs are controlling the politicians
have total control over the politicians
and those are the guys that you're
elected no super PACs hear those super
PACs
we send notices out we don't watch super
PAC so we set about strongly so just
remember that a controlling your destiny
and these are not people that have you
in mind these are not people just
remembered for his another line another
can imagine
look at the camera
so what we're going to do now and what
I've been doing is I really focused on
security we need now
security proper security we have to
bring the safety of our country back
when I was running and gave it a very
strong announced and I talked about
illegal immigration and boy did I take
heat or wat i do now what I was right
and I think that was maybe what drove us
initially now everybody is saying and we
have this right here on the economy
dropped 55 percent on budget 61% on
illegal immigration
48% on Isis 46% on foreign policy
30% people know what's happening we want
protection we watch smarts and whether
to have the finest country and will get
only my second amendment and we're going
to protect ourselves only after
it's amazing when you think of some of
he brings you here where let's not have
guns but you know one thing the bad guys
have the guns the bad guys are gonna
have the guns it's not going to happen
anymore we're gonna protect our 2nd
Amendment and we are going to have
protection
drawn we get two questions will do
question and answer before we do that
common core is a disaster
we have one of the worst education
systems in the world we're ranked 28th
in the world and we spend more money per
pupil than any other country by far
that's going to end of local education
we're gonna have local education and
we're gonna go shooting up the charts
and we're going to save money so I want
you to ask some lets you have a mic was
the mic ok let's get with me somebody
doing horrible terrible question what
would you like to go to turn on the mind
who's running this place
try somebody else
I hear you I was wondering what you
would say to President Obama
I'm sure they did everything they could
to try to cover that up
come out it has been stated that gays
and it was a terrorist attack was
handled that well I would happen soon
enough you have no idea you don't want
to hear
by the way if the people in Paris for
the people in California if you had a
couple of folks in there with guns
thank you
jobs illegal immigration have no idea
what's happening we are losing our jobs
you say in San Francisco Jameel you know
jimmy is wonderful beautiful young boy
shot shot instantly killed for no reason
and I got to know his father and his
father is a great man and what he's
living with now nobody wants to live
with shot by the illegal immigrant we
gotta stop it and when to stop it now
going to stop it now
prison
you and your administration prosecutor
or at least look into it because you
know the statute of limitations 26 use
what she did is illegal is no question
about that she's being protected by the
democrats because she's there we have to
do something about it we have to do this
not right
General Petraeus essentially got two
years I mean what this event they
destroyed him either people went to jail
for much less than when she did I think
she's gonna get off and I think it's
going to be her greatest achievement
she's had to get off it will be her
greatest achievement because she was one
of the worst in history the world blew
up during that regime and world blew up
so we're going to take a look at it very
very strong
get treated in many cases better than
our vets happened to happen you look at
what's going on our events are treated
so poorly it's not gonna happen and it's
going to happen and you know i mean you
know I made her George given a look at
senator Mr Trump is your super fan from
the washington post article from Jenna
Johnson we love you
and how quickly can you kick common
common core how quickly it's going to be
done
got some of these guys running against
the republicans don't want common drawer
and anybody that wants common core is
not going to win it makes no sense so
you're a big opponent and take care of
your mommy
I'm ryan porn year Campbell University
representing students for drama I want
to first of all thank you for breaking
this damn established really have a
Washington Dec
do you plan to do an office to support
the students that support the education
system ok it's the question I probably
get it has more than any question
students they work a barrage of the hell
they get in there they graduate they do
great big problem they get out the Jigga
jobs we've taken our jobs back from
China would take it I jobs back from
Japan would take it I jobs back from
mexico when you get out of jobs to do
something with your loans because the
students are getting socked and the
colleges are raising their numbers too
high too fast too high and too has yet
to be very happy to watch when you get
out you don't have jobs
of America question do you fake the
refugees that are coming here are trying
to come here they're going to Germany
all over Europe do you think they're
going to become priests and become
celibate what is going to happen to the
women in the world that there are
countries are contingent
questions that one more time what do you
mean they are trying to get into Russia
ok give me another
George 12 years old and I'm scared what
are you gonna do to protect this country
12 years old what do you want to do to
protect this country I'm scared
try the next president of the United
States shared our country and I know you
will you will build our military
you're not going to be scared to be
scared and just so you understand when
the world trade center was knocked down
the people the animals and did that they
sent their wives and their families back
to saudi arabia know someone back to
saudi arabia those wives do what their
husbands were going to do we never went
after we never did anything we have to
attack much stronger we have to be more
vigilant we have to be much tougher we
have to be much smarter or it's never
ever going to end
remember that just remember China our
technology from our military from our
business is now can you stop that it's
crazy it's gone too far and so amazing
how old are you
thirteen-years-old
$400 a year with China seventy billion
dollars a year with Japan accusing me
forty five billion dollars a year with
mexico I love the mexican people have
great respect for the country
their leaders are so much tougher
smarter and more connie how leaders was
gonna stop it looks like it is stopping
you know i i download all the time
Oreos or against nabisco is moving their
plant from chicago into Mexico ok no
good no good for me is building a two
and a half two and a half for trucks
cars parts not gonna happen folks would
it was gonna take you back with taking
our country back we can't continue to
let this happen
would take your country back
are you do to change Obama rules of
engagement to get military to get a
better chance to stay alive I don't
think I don't think he has changed
you know
our country is divided look at what our
country is so divided this hatred
between people we want to bring it
together you know the country always
thought that President Obama would be a
cheerleader he's been a great great
divider I'm going to look at a level of
hatred and you know if I could speak to
these four people look you may be a
democrat you may be a liberal we're
going to make our country stronger gonna
make it good to create jobs I really
think I could talk sense into him so
divided as such as I remember that's
only four ppl ok hello my name's Sean I
had a question for you so first of all I
read the art of the deal and I love the
bus so much was great my question was
what will you do and regulating hedge
funds and Wall Street Wall Street has
not been babies and what we have to do
and what we are doing and I don't know
this is a lot of people we put it on tax
it's the biggest tax cut of anybody my
farm and the middle class
ass is getting the biggest part of it
will bring it back
simplifying it we're bringing the rage
way down it's going to be so beautify
corporations and companies and small
business is they are going to benefit we
are going to have a dynamic economy
again we're gonna start manufacturing
gonna bring trillions of dollars into
the country and you are going to be very
happy so we're gonna work and you know I
was not a bad couple of words they
really do produce yet but they're at a
disadvantage now June we have created a
tax so many people love him it's going
to be dynamic the middle class has been
so hurt in this country they've been
destroyed it's almost like we don't have
a middle-class the middle class in this
country
actions
let's go one last question what would
you do on your first day in office
oh I love that question number one i'd
signed an executive order ending Obama's
executive order
quickly and we are going to help our
backs and you know what I'm doing I put
in a big policy paper and people love it
when I immediately got his start
building up our military and making it
really really powerful strong because
nobody's gonna mess with us okay then
we're gonna do many other things and we
are going to end Obamacare ok ladies and
gentlemen ladies and gentlemen this is
such an honor when you remember this
remember this
I think he came back I think he came
back to worry about him
individual people are all friends they
all want to make sure we are sitting on
something that's bigger than any of us
understand your nose I always made our
country great again and I've been saying
for the last three weeks I've really got
to know the people we are going to make
our country great again
greater than ever before I love you
thank you very much