gentlemen please welcome the next
president United States Donald
you know I missed
we got down like everybody else have to
get out I was watching today television
they said well if we get by far the
biggest clubs like it's not even a
contest and they said all of those
people actually go out and vote but you
know the designer's perspective they
should but I don't think they will I
think they will but they said they said
no they said if they actually go out and
vote the people that show up like an
Iowa had massive the same thing
Virginia Dallas Oklahoma South Carolina
North Carolina we have these massive
rallies and it's incredible and they
said well if they vote Trump wins they
actually said probable
and we have to get out we have to get
out we have to be ok so you know we've
had some amazing news I've missed as you
know for like a week and a half we've
sort of been in limbo right well I could
do is tweak it was driving me crazy
because there were no like events or
anything planned but we all had a good
Christmas right
Merry Christmas we say Merry other
people won't say Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays happy holidays merry Christmas
from
the polls have been fantastic you see in
the polls are just came out of today one
came out Rasmussen where I'm tied with
hillary but don't worry that's going to
and we're going to be going to be far
ahead and bought came out a couple of
weeks ago and we were leading and
another one came out we were leading
we're doing very well we haven't started
on her you know she said we'd love to
run against trumpeter worst nightmare
these people these people that care they
said well the Hillary campaign said
they'd love to run yeah he wants to run
against me instead of somebody else I
guarantee you you know and I explained I
tried to explain to Chuck Todd all these
guys you don't understand when they say
they want to run against rum that means
they don't want to run against you don't
they don't understand you know their
report yet but then tonight somebody
reported that they are absolutely going
crazy and they are devastated over what
Trump Assange now we're getting back to
the basics ok look at what's happened
with the republicans every single person
that's gone after me is gone they're
gone they're gone
when I take on the left the race down
and the very very low portion there you
just said one but they lowered all the
millions that we're spending and
spending I guess so you saw the one
where I spent essentially nothing and
bushes spent fifty nine million he's
down toward the bottom with three
percent or 2 percent or something and we
have we actually had a poke about 42% we
had 39 percent of these polls it's crazy
we have we have numbers we have to go
through them right go through a first
second we have you know they always say
why do you go through the polls cause
I'm winning honestly if I wasn't I have
to be honest if I wasn't I wouldn't be
talking about him and the other
characters he always talks about the
polls we don't when they shouldn't
because they're not winning so we have a
lot of good when CNN 36% think of it
crews to 16 carson's 14 rubios 12
christie's for bush's 3 after how about
this you spend fifty nine million
dollars in you but you know what's
impressive is that the economy Trump is
on the budget numbers 51 how about this
I remember that set of 15 people you
know what 1715 outstrip 49 it's going
down
going to go down quickly by the way when
they have to take new hampshire will
always maintain its place if I went ok
just so you understand you know there's
a big move there's a big movement to put
you at the back of the pack or the
middle of the pack so it would no longer
be the same thing you'll never see me
again but you will see me cuz that's so
many friends you never see a lot of
people again but there's a big movement
to put new hampshire way back I don't
know why I don't know is it retribution
is that they don't want it I don't like
it cause you have a lot of power mean
you have a lot of power and by we could
we get to have problems I mean they have
a heroin problem that's really
incredible I mean I hear so much about
that from the people up here and you
know we're gonna build a wall we're
gonna have a real bored at home heroin
thing I tell you what we gotta get it
under control but I hear more about it
from here than I do you don't think of
it in terms of New Hampshire but
whenever I'm up here I hear more about
it here and we gotta solve the problem
we got help the people that are cooked
because they get hooked and it's not
easy but on the budget and 51% its 51%
with 14 and actually when they did this
fifteen people see a 51% I'd be happy
about 51% what do people right ok
on illegal immigration listen to this
48% because they know I'm not gonna play
games I saw one of the people that I'm
running against the other day they came
up and they said we're going to build a
wall first time he said that my wife was
less you should totally he's coming you
said the exact same words he said was
gonna be a big wall it's gonna be a
great wall I said the same words I
listened to it I listened to it I said
what are we doing here the guys you know
if you remember when I started when I
started this whole dialogue and we
announced on June 16th at Trump Tower
and I said illegal immigration and was
gonna stop at everybody should all and I
went through in the papers and I was
getting absolutely rush limbaugh was
like a great guy said he's never seen
anybody receive so much
incoming I was getting these guys were
killing me and then within two-three
weeks all of a sudden it's sort of like
people saying you know i think is right
and then you had Kate beautiful Kate
from San Francisco and Jameel from Los
Angeles you had a woman a female a
better in a wonderful woman 66 year old
veteran who was raped who was sodomized
who was killed by the illegal immigrant
who is here was not supposed to be here
came in a number of times like vacate
the cake horrible person came in five
different times at least the piano and
all of a sudden and these are just three
instances we have thousands it's it's
out of control
horrible for the economy taking our jobs
taking our money it's a one-way street
they come over they bring drugs drugs
drugs you people know better than
anybody cuz you're really the recipient
of that but they come up with drugs and
go back with cash ok not a good deal and
they go of the walls and you saw the
ramp they built a little ramp the walls
are built to ramp to trucks drive over
the wall
they have Jeep still loaded up with
drugs they drive over the wall didn't
even ripped the world down the wall so
small that said let's just put a ramp up
I would have been easier they shoulda
rip the wall then no those are not trump
all they are not true so illegal
immigration 48% Isis Isis will get the
hell out of them we're gonna get the
real general they may not have nice
language you know we got one of the best
shows because he was very rough and
tough even though the men and women that
were under him loved him but very tough
and gave an interview and he used that
language and you said things and you
know now of course our general shouldn't
be talking they should be shooting they
should be out there did you ever see
general surgeon to view those on
television generals and they're always
say how bad we are the shit one of them
just like they were going about Isis so
what do you think it's a very tough
problem for us up front can you imagine
general douglas macarthur's problem he
come up with this corn cob pipe in his
head and I will be or General George
Patton
it would be over fast it would be over
it would be brutal but it would be over
we wouldn't be fighting the endless ward
how I have been saying take the oil balm
the oil killed the oil for years they
started doing at 34 weeks ago and they
don't do it right you know why they
don't want to hurt the environment can
you know this is a true they don't want
to hurt the environment
ok we are now we have a president that
considers global warming to be more
important than fighting wars of people
that want to blow up our country blow up
our cities kill our people and he said
global warming is our biggest problem I
i dont its hard the whole thing is crazy
the whole thing is crazy ok foreign
policy Trump wins with 30% so he's just
some good numbers morning console listen
to these numbers I don't know they write
I think forty percent for Trump 9% for
crews everyone else way below that ABC
washington post great company right I
don't love the washington post actually
because they don't but they treat me
good in the polls
hey nobody's gonna say they give me any
favors that I can tell you
38 percent 15% 12% 11 then you get into
the singles right the Monmouth mall 41
to 14 PPP Iowa came out recently
28 to 25 Trump over crews they don't
tell you that they only go to one point
register which I have a big problem with
between that between that and the union
leader which i think might be worth a
lot a lot a pile of garbage at
newspapers about that you check out you
about what happened yeah you know you've
heard a lot of the story so let's talk
about the union leader how dishonest
okay CNN 3636 216 right Monmouth mall
4114 a fox Fox 3916 3917 numbers item
and election but today I wanna
on the way in Iowa in Iowa a CNN poll
which was so one-sided that it never
gets reported other than by CNN actually
at 33 22033 cruises adorning that's an
Iowa poll you don't hear about it they
only talked about this crazy Bloomberg
whatever it is Paul it was you know what
she was frankly fine but it was one of
the few polls room actually behind its
Iowa but and and I think the people and
I would think we're gonna win it and I
really glad we have like new hampshire
like South Carolina you know we have
great friends and iowan and I think
we're gonna win my people think we're
gonna win but we'll find out i mean
we're gonna find out if we don't know
what to do well but I think we're gonna
win it
PPP thank you win new hampshire right
it's so bright you know it's like this
everywhere and sometimes you know we're
only confined like this a room that we
have people outside of get to a second
one after this you believe it unless you
want to give them your location and let
them switch just no I don't think you
but we have we we have such incredible
enthusiasm you go to these meetings and
even the press the rallies and even the
presses its incredible when we were in
oklahoma 20,000 people standing in a
park we could get a building called it
we just said let's do it in the park was
a very windy day so I put that on ok
very windy make America great deal of
that and in Dallas we had twenty
thousand people in the Mavericks where
the mavericks play Mark Cuban was going
to give us the arena and he he he said
you'll fill up fast and he was right we
started into thursday on a Monday we
were packed and we're actually packed
before that but on Monday we came and it
was an amazing event and in Mobile
Alabama 35,000 people we started a hotel
ballroom that after about two minutes
that was no good because the people you
know they heard we were there we don't
have a long time you know we set it up
like a few days in advance sometimes but
in mobile we started off at a bar we
went to a convention center which held
ten thousand after about two hours we
realize that was gonna work to just went
to the football stadium the place was
packed you probably saw that so we we
just in Phoenix we have 15,000 people
it's been unbelievable you saw the other
one when we pulled the plane up in front
of the big hangover I was a mess of
anger place was packed we get a little
show with that plan I'll tell you that
was going to write that was a good
visual we everybody everybody loved it
but it was it was good that plane was
made in America we don't say that that's
going
so we had PPP 2825 you have Quinnipiac
my favorite Quinnipiac 2827 and as I
said CNN 3320 in my favor so I think
we're going to do great and i'm looking
forward to iowa and you know it down to
almost like for which can you believe
this I mean how quickly occurs when I
started on this journey who's actually
june sixteenth but thinking about it a
little before and it takes guts to run
for president really does especially get
on that a politician never did this
before I'm self funding by the way all
these guys that think they're all
bloodsuckers they're all taken money
they're all control they're all
controlled by the people to put up the
money believed me and I used to put up a
lot of money I paid three hundred and
fifty thousand to the Republican
Governors Association recently you know
just a little while ago during the year
and its
understand it but and I'm not blaming
anyone 22 system and its but it's a bit
system in terms of making our country
great again in terms of rebuilding what
we have to do the infrastructure in
terms of being smart like for instance
Putin said Trump is brilliant and drop
them
no I don't know if we did see well we
did do 60 minutes together now we
weren't together but he was on I was on
the same night we got great ratings by
the way even even CBS 2 I'll admit that
we got great read it but it was put in
trouble on sixty minute but he came out
of his brilliant Trump is leading the
pack dropped his deposit and my approach
is not terrible that he said what's
terrible let's get along with people
what is terrible will do fine believe me
we're gonna do fine but having russia on
our side instead of you know these guys
want to start some of them want to start
the third world war let's start third
world war let's have no fly zone let you
know this is what these guys wanted to
let you know what's up shooting down
everybody's airplanes over syria Homs
Syria I think maybe we have other ideas
but if they want to bomb my sis I said
night said this right from the beginning
you know it it russia wants to go and
buy my sister I agree if russia wants
the bomb meisters excuse me go ahead
Hey
and they don't like I was in a better
than we do for dinner you hear the whole
thing that we can't fight Syria and a
saw who's not a good guy but with
backing people to fight a sudden we have
no idea
look at hillary Clinton what happened
with Libya look at No
now look what you did with it you know
you take a look at you take a look at
you look at Obama's done with iraq I
mean a red is becoming did becoming a
force we gave them we gave them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars we
gave them everything they wanted we
didn't win anything we don't even get up
prisoners back and you look at that deal
and you just see gross incompetence
grows stupidity that's what it is and
now I ran is taking over Iraq and I said
that you know twenty I never put it
together and put things together really
quickly especially when it involves a
economic so I said that I ran made the
single greatest deal than I've ever seen
me and I'm not talking about country I'm
just saying our side was incompetently
represented the Persians a great
negotiators great negotiators and they
just beat us at every front they got
everything about self inspecting how
about that a self-respecting they're
gonna say no no we're not building
nuclear you can take a while and then on
the other case we have 24 hours but
before the 24 days before the 24 day
starts what happened we have to go
through a process and the process could
take a long time right so did so we made
this horrible deal and I keep talking
about what a horrible do then I said
wait a minute because of us and I was
against this from the beginning I'm the
most militaristic person in this room
but I always against right now I mean
look I gotta know you gotta do what you
doing
I'd like to build up on bill I'm gonna
build it up so strong so powerful
nobody's gonna mess with
and we're gonna take care of our vets
with my man where the hell is my man I
we gonna take care of our vets
we have our that in many cases are
treated worse than illegal to come
across a good good good that you know
that right
take good care of you know I don't know
if you saw that over the weekend in
Phoenix this is where a lot of bad news
came out two years ago and a lot of
dishonesty lot of corruption it worse
than ever just came out two days ago you
saw was in the news in it takes so long
to get a doctor people of dying dying
waiting to get a doctor or something
that could be a procedure or a pill or
something really little not a big deal
and they're dying and these are events
shies away this is why we hear these are
great people we gotta take care of its
so we're gonna take care of our vet and
you are holding me to that right you
better believe it now would have to take
care of it but we need to build its so
big so strong and you know the funny
thing is is that you build your military
really strong it's really the cheapest
thing you can do is you have to fight
nobody wants to mess with you I'd really
nobody want nobody's gonna mess right
now
general Odierno when he left he said our
country is the least prepared than it's
ever been talking about the army was on
television to get all these guys are you
know what if I had one of my generals
even if they're retiring if I had won I
don't say well week even if we r don't
say we're week he should wear the least
prepared I think he said in history
maybe from ww2 almost like what
difference does it make to hell of a
long time but with the least prepared to
have her ever and I'm saying even if
it's true don't say don't see why would
the enemy why do we have to have that on
television and then we had the other day
showing how tough it's going to be I see
so many of these people on television
you know there are certain words to
describe what's happening with our
country and I used to say we're in
competently led I gave up the wording
company because it's really not good
enough
what's the word we use
bit so we have to be you know what's so
important we have to be unpredictable
but too predictable even these guys I
get up before these debates and some of
these oh and by the way debates ok look
at it see the ball drop on top that's
just because it's my paper but on the
bottom they have make America great
again
GOP debate who won in the policies are
all separate drug use an incredible guy
drudge forty-six percent now you gotta
send again
1560 people 46% time magazine that was
on the cover for weeks ago they do
nothing for me believe me that they
should have been many of the above right
everyone says I don't say it I said
they'll never pick me because I'm not
establishment they played thank you I'll
be your man
let you know I really want to be a year
from now couple years from now when we
want to straighten this mess out and
then let him so
time magazine 49 / 51 syracuse.com 49
USC News and World Report 69% PBS public
broadcasting how people think oh these
post because there are like to go to do
immediately right they think I'm sitting
by the phone calling in there getting a
hundred thousand calls I'm not making
that many calls I'm not going to spend
that much money is not worth it so
anyway PBS 69% so i won the debate right
Washington Times 62% CBS 59% Fox 5 Las
Vegas 62% and New Jersey dot com 49%
think of it
think of it I mean and then I go home
and I watch these very very dishonest
people well trouble is ok and he was ok
not be the best night not his best night
I said what I did you write you know how
about bush where he makes a commercial
you know he's trying to show he's tough
tough trying to show his energy I said
you doing better you keep going another
20 years you know he's trying to show
you how you make a commercial about me
he spending millions and millions of
dollars ok and yes me standing there and
he's making his doing all the talking
because when I'm ready to talk where
every time I talked he got killed but
where I'm ready to talk they don't have
any talking so you will do this you will
do that and don't forget to talk show
they just had me standing there like
this you remember when I talked I said
wait a minute I'm at 42% your two
percent
you started off over here next to me now
you falling off the end of the stage
of how dishonest that's actually
dishonest advertising how do you do with
the commercial where you're talking but
he could have you talked i mean where
everybody should I won the debate and by
the way you know last in the debate came
out I think it was bush he came in last
in a bush bush or cases I'm not sure
which one but one of them came out well
I think those bush came out with one
percent voted for it was just family his
family now but and I don't think he's a
bad person I really don't but we you
know we can go by this anymore we gotta
we gotta get this done we don't need we
need people that really know what the
hell did doing we need people we need
people that are gonna take back our jobs
from China from Mexico from Japan
Vietnam we need it so so but he might
get a just cause I turned on I'm coming
up today and I see the television and
the Saanich over and over and over again
I keep look I don't even watch its
myself I always watch things when I'm on
right I can't even watch it anymore just
turn it off it's so boring but again
he's saying I don't get a chance to
answer so what's the purpose of an ad
like that now most people saw the debate
right so you know
so I think it has no impact that a no
you know I spent ten million or 18
million or something on ads it's going
to be very interesting what's happening
again
get out of here is another one so the
press here how it feels very dishonest
people they're very bad people some are
fine but for the most part these are
really sleaze bags these are bad people
know that bad
bad I go to stadiums we fill up stadiums
and I tell the cameras to turn the
cameras that they won't turn the campers
they won't tell them they don't show how
many people and all the time I say it my
wife she said with the many people there
tonight should we did you watch it I was
like I said you didn't show it again and
I don't turn the camp they want but if
there's a protester one protester will
stand up in a corner of the room or in a
corner of the stadium and only time I
actually like protesters cause the only
time you see how many people are there
is when there's a project for you know
they focus on my face which I don't like
I don't like that I wanted to see the
crowd let the crowd better than my face
and we all can I tell you right I love
you too doll exactly how I wanted it so
we had an interesting because you have a
very dishonest newspaper reports also
failing this paper is going down the two
Brewers I remember when this was a big
paper look at the size of this thing is
if they cut it down anymore you won't be
able to find it it looks like the things
you know when you go to the grocery
store where they give you a little hand
out what do they call that coupons
so this guy his name's Joe McQuaid
he's he's a low life I'm telling you
here's what happened is what up I'll
tell you when so I thought he was he's
useless I thought he was fine I thought
he was an aggressive guy he'd call me he
talked to me he'd want me to come up and
make a speech in new hampshire I do it
he asked me to help James Foley which I
like very much a given a big
contribution to his parents as parents
are great people he asked me to speak at
that event I spoke at that event he
asked me to do many many things she go
through a whole litany of things then he
said would you do me a big favor would
you come to I'm gonna have a debate now
debated before I never did get a job
reduce I built jobs and put the great
company and if I didn't do a great
company wouldn't I wouldn't be talking
I'm not a debate that's why I'm so
impressive in winning all these debates
but a lot of its common sense I mean
let's face it right but i'm i'm a job
producer
I'll be the greatest jobs president that
God ever created that I could
but this guy mcquaid edge and I go and I
see he's doing very badly tells me the
papers doing terribly which it is doing
very badly he's gonna move out of his
face or something but the building is
like an empty building and it's doing
but I i dont care about this and then he
calls me up very short time ago and he
said would you do me a favor what cause
I have 10 million between Facebook and
Twitter more than 10 million people have
a big following to put a month he said
could you do me a favor
chris Christie is not on the big stage
could you tweet that he should be I
think it just now he may try and deny it
but it's awfully tough I didn't put it
there from I'll go check out I said you
don't want me to do that i mean it
sounds a little bit strange for me to
sit be saying you're supposed to get on
there by yourself right he said well I'd
consider the favor I tweet it would be
nice to have chris Christie on the stage
and I felt like a little weird people
call me what you do thats why I said joe
mcquaid from the figure I'll get some
better treatment right then he asked me
for different things and then he asks me
he said would you play a round of golf
with me up in new hampshire at his
course he's a member of a quick so I
said I can't take that much time do not
like President Obama the guys out
forever
I just can't take that much time I said
I can't spend the whole day playing golf
I just can't do it he said would you
would you then come and have lunch with
me at this club nice club and very nice
I said alright so I come up I made a
speech I was with a group that wasn't so
bad I didn't go over you have lunch and
i meeting you know writing me all over
the place he's not writing is walking me
all over the place saying hello to
different people this is Trump this trip
I'm not break I'm just saying he's
having a good time right I'm sitting
there i order hamburgers this is all
about him were gonna hamburger I think
he paid for the meal to be served all I
can tell it he said well he didn't you
look like you know what hit him I
believe in hitting back to think so
look at look at this lease with all of
the things I do somebody is the big
thing so he's doing a debate or has he
calls it a forum and it's like the night
before facts and the facts they
everybody's talking about it all over
the world for months and it's becoming
bigger and bigger didn't used to be
bigger than what I got involved it
became right i mean variety all the
hollywood things they should the truck
debate that ok so number one i didnt
really wanna come up here but I was
young when I said Joe I can't do it I'm
not doing that I wrote another set of
not doing it I don't feel good about
doing it I don't know how it pertains
and actually it was a disaster
very few people went and got very very
very low ratings almost nobody watched
and Bush had a bad night I'm not talking
about it but he had a horrible night he
shouldn't have done the debate was very
bad for him but they did it because the
union leader they figure has some power
it used that power was run by the local
family they did a great job but it's
lost its power i think i mean I don't
know maybe it doesn't maybe it has more
power than I think but I think you know
i watch the sky and honestly is a loser
so so so you want me to come up into the
debate and I said I really don't think
it's appropriate and I school speak to
the people at Fox how would you feel if
I went into it they weren't exactly
thrilled because they want to have the
big first debate that I wanna have been
debating
and anyway I didn't do it I think I was
the only one something by satellite I
think I was the only way downtown is
that would do well in iran has it worked
out that way for them either but they
did by satellite and it was over was
that nobody cared and it was very again
looked at the seats are a lot of empty
seats in the auditorium and it was a
disaster
ok I should get credit for that vision
they call that vision ok I'm the only
one that didn't do the corporation just
like vision was don't go into Iraq even
though you're strong in the military
don't go directly to destabilize the
Middle East vision was writing about
Osama bin Laden and in my book in 2000
nobody ever had a so-so I wrote about
Osama bin Laden Joe Scarborough a great
post in the morning you know Morning Joe
Wright he talking about two years before
the World Trade Center came to somebody
should have gone out and gotten them and
I wrote about because I would see him
and I would read about him and he was a
very threatening guy is this guy out but
I wrote about him that's what you need
ok but I should get credit for not doing
the debate said into the debate he was
really furious he was very very angry
and I am a nice letter afterwards I said
sorry I just can't and it probably means
you wanted to ask me but I can't do it
ok but in the meantime I've done all
these things I made big contributions to
charity
I came up I made speeches with him I
thought I get along with a friend and
then what happens so tell me what
happens he endorses Christie and that
was ok and I think that was going to
happen because when he called me up
couple of months ago to see if I can get
Christie onto the main stage i said i
think is going to ask Christy right why
would he be doing that and the first
time I met with him he said I'll never
endorse Christie and the reason he said
that he hated that Christie embraced
Obama's so strongly before the election
right before the election I happen to
think I don't know if it cost him the
election but it cost them a lot of oats
and there are many people that think
that that endorsement when Obama went to
New Jersey that that endorsement was
responsible for the loss of the
republican party and Romney I mean it it
was certainly not good
fact when I saw it right when I saw it I
said I think he's going to vote for
Obama
I actually called a friend of mine who's
involved with him I said as he voted for
Obama I mean it was honestly was
terrible was without the flood that
barricade and Obama went to New Jersey
and it was like he was like a little
child Christie was like he was so right
now but he was so the only only in new
hampshire only in so anyway but but it's
got spirit by the way you're ok ok I
didn't I did not give her that I think
it's very cool but so I said he told me
that I was terrible and I said I came
out a long time ago when I first met you
I think the first time I wait I said I
really think that you know the one
person I get outdoors is Chris because
he couldn't stand back that he did this
anyway so why he did what he did is he
endorsed Christine that's trying i mean
you can do it but he doesn't understand
the star-ledger which is the big paper
in New Jersey said he was made a mistake
there must be something wrong nobody
called us you've had tremendous
downgrades either nine or 11 downgrades
of the bugs its number of 50 out of 50
in terms of economic development and in
terms of the economy it's like one of
the worst in the country for jobs it's a
disaster I have property in New Jersey
the taxes are through the roof they are
through the roof and you go through it
so you have Obama I don't put my call it
a hug mentally it was like it was
unbelievable he was like a little boy oh
I'm with the president
memory flew in a helicopter he was all
excited to be in the helicopter I said I
would have put you in my helicopters
much nicer
no I thought it was a terrible thing ok
so what else happened to George
Washington Bridge now he's got three or
four people there with him every day you
a lot of you people you have companies
your friends and you with the friends
everyday right and your breakfast he
would have lunch or breakfast with him
all the time and dinner with this little
group of you know his cabinet now the
George Washington Bridge is the largest
in the United States and is the most
traveled on bridge I believe in the
united states right they wanted as
retribution for the mayor of Fort Lee
New Jersey they want to close it I don't
know why because I think about the mayor
of Fort Lee nobody even knows it's in
fort lee began to think about the
governor of New Jersey's doing a bad job
but they close the bridge now you just
put yourself in a common-sense mode you
are with your cabinet you with him all
the time they're closing the biggest
bridge in the United States most
traveled on bridge one of them in the
world and most traveled on the United
States you doing that and you're not
telling the governor and you with them
all the time you think governor by the
way they're closing the George
Washington Bridge tonight no no you
having lunch and you don't happen to
bring it up
does anybody believe that honestly is
there one person no no is there a 1%
chance and and I'm not you know I have
been friends with Christy but when
mcquaid who's really christie's lap dog
I will tell you that's all it is first
of all I know you're happy he's up here
because he's up here but you know the
people in New Jersey want to throw out
of office running New Jersey where where
a disaster state we're going to have a
governor's up in new hampshire every
single day having town hall meeting soon
to be doing it in New Jersey in all
fairness ok I mean we love new hampshire
but he shouldn't be up here all the time
he supposed to be he supposed to be
running the state so what happened what
happens is mcquaid into asses chris said
it was a really strange endorsement
because again
11 or nine out of nine down
it's the worst thing and I think that
it's an incredible circumstance so that
was okay too but the star-ledger a whole
big thing about how could they possibly
do it and they said he's one of the
worst governors in the history of the
site how could they possibly do this
endorsement how could they possibly do
it they didn't understand it and they
said they never even called us you don't
normally get called the big newspaper
that's a big newspaper in New Jersey and
it said what do you think well it was a
strange thing ok so what happens is the
following I think it that's ok but I've
been really nice website I don't I can I
get killed i get absolutely kill that I
just got right up front page story about
me a lot of the twenty said is really
good tough tough tough and you know we
need a little toughness now but
diameter a dying paper and then again
this was a big power here years ago
although think of this in 36 years since
1980 ok think that since nineteen eighty
they've picked one president was ronald
reagan they endorsed one guy who ran and
won for presents 001 @ of a thirty
six-year period right they've got one
and then I can win this time that I can
tell you okay I mean one thing I'll say
I one thing I say they didn't pick the
guys gonna have been easy we're gonna
win right now so I just finished her
story hello
okay thank you
you
and the next day the next time it
happened right now now the next the next
time it happened I said be nice
be really nice don't hurt please don't
hurt em be nice
the next said this trip is a much weaker
person than we thought I can't wait so
you're too tough for you to whatever but
I will just tell you so I said there's
no way because I did so much for this
guy a sleaze bag
there's no way you'll say badly about me
because you know i mean he actually told
a big announcer that Trump is a
wonderful guy can you believe it that he
writes just up so he's control and I
just have to tell you to paper it's not
a good paper you know it's dying I don't
think it's going to be in business more
than two years he told me it's doing its
gotta move out of the building and the
whole thing they let John and some other
guys go that a fantastic people event is
the greatest but I just won't tell you I
think it's a very disloyal act when
you're nice to a person if we if we
endorse Christie I don't care I mean
that's up to him but you don't go and
try and hurt somebody that's been
helping you and that really has done a
good job
ok you don't do that so here you can
have a power
that's all it's worth garbage ok
so we are going to make our country
strong we're gonna make it great what
going to make it safe now what has
happened and it's interesting because I
had a big boost in the polls as a 28 now
I'm at 39 and the CNN and I'ma 42 and
morning consult and others and what
happened is Paris what happened is
california where these radicalized
people went wild and you know what I did
I said we have to find out what's going
on folks we have to find out what's
going on this too much hatred this too
much anger this too much killing we have
to find out what's going on I mean we
can continue to be nice and stupid and
and just so often you know our country's
gonna go to hell
mean we have these people coming in from
Syria when nobody knows anything about
them they young a strong mostly men you
look at this migration it looks like an
army I mean you don't see many women you
don't see many children you look at the
man they're not as strong as you by the
way you looked stronger but you look at
these Mendes strong fit they look
physically fit you actually say why are
they back home fighting for their
country you know what are they doing so
we're bringing them in and then you saw
that have cell phones some of the many
of them have cell phones and they have
the ISIS flag on it
ok they have I don't know if you saw
that one and then you saw where they've
they've come up with a counterfeiting of
our passports did you see that where
they actually have our passports and
they have a printing machine now it is
not stupid people we need smart people
we need tough but we need smart tough is
no good we need tough we need smart we
need really smart because these are not
stupid people so now they have our past
but they make up in splits isn't that
nice of them Isis and then we take
people in and we know sometimes there
with Isis and they come back and they're
fighting freshest trying to kill friends
of us kill us
eventually they just as they would have
to go away for let's just do it at home
and when you think about it we let them
back into the country now we know there
I said why are we letting them back in I
gotta tell you one of the first thing
I'm doing then that coming back in they
go out a gun
now terrible it's terrible so when I
started all my campaign was very much
about economic development and we're
gonna stop with China who is just just
absolutely ripping us after say that R
is ripping like we have a trade
imbalance we have a deficit with China
almost five hundred billion dollars a
year
deaths in other words 500 billion and
then I hear people say free trade under
free-trader
people don't know but you want I want
free trade but I want to be like smart
rate likely to break even all even take
breaking even but I don't want to lose
five hundred and five billion dollars a
year for the privilege of getting ripped
off by China I don't want that it's not
going to happen that's not gonna happen
with Japan you know they send us their
cars we have all by the way we have all
the carts we have all the cards but we
have people that don't have any idea
about negotiation or or they bought off
by the lobbyists and by the special
interest groups I actually said nobody
can be that incompetent you know some of
these deals we make folks it's not
because they're incompetent actually
very competent for themselves but
they're not really incompetent they are
lobbyists this special interests when
somebody gives Hillary you know ten
million dollars and five million dollars
are two million dollars and they're on
wall street and you know she's trying to
go back a little bit she's trying to go
to the left a little bit because she's
got this wack job that's whack code
named Bernie Sanders he was telling
people well trouble and I have some of
the same people I don't think there's
too many Bernie Sanders
well
we have a few diff although he does
agree that we're getting ripped off and
that's one thing I'll say the one thing
I he's very strong you know he deals
with the problem is he can't do anything
about the report he won't be able to do
anything I'm really good at that stuff
that's what I do but you know the one
big thing he wants to double and triple
you taxes and give everybody everything
free and you're going to pay for it your
taxes are gone through the roof
we can't do it and I'm cutting your
taxes down very very low you saw my tax
plan would cutting business taxes down
wood cutting all of them so i cant
imagine this guy has a chance but I
heard yesterday he's trying to get some
my people and I said I don't know she
talked about the same people that I'm
talking about I don't think so
so anyway what he wants to do massive
massive massive tax increases and people
don't talk about that and hillary
clinton doesn't talk about it and the
reason i'm talking about it I think you
know I'm saying this and I really mean
she does she does not mean it when she
talks about it was it was so funny today
where they actually ABC's not wanting
Trump so badly but I will tell you and
I'm telling you this strongly first of
all she has committed a criminal act
what she did with the emails is criminal
according to every single person that
I've met and knows his stuff and and not
just in one day and Benghazi also on the
Benghazi was different
Benghazi she was too lazy to answer
phone calls remember a commercial about
the phone ring it just watch even answer
if she did you see where the ambassador
since seven hundred or five hundred
calls and emails everything and yet she
spoke to a friend many times but they
had they said they were in trouble and
many many emails were coming she never
responded and remember that commercial
is a pretty famous commercial who do you
trust tonight obviously didn't trust her
because Obama her
Obama
I want to find a way that word that's a
common word of the enemies to be beaten
badly I will give the president and by
the way all show NPR ok National Public
Radio one of the most revered MCS
political people one of the most revered
used it and he is the exact same where
even the EDF en to him it was ok for
drug was horrible but what it means is
to be beaten badly and that's what I
guess it has other meanings but it means
and when I met is to be beaten badly I
won't use it again today we don't want
to make that the store we want to make
other things the story but but but if
you look at what's going on and you see
what's happening we have all of the
power economically we have tremendous
power because China remember this it's
one of the greatest chefs in the history
of the world what china has done to our
country one of the greatest steps if you
look at what mexico is doing good
country it's a mini version of what john
has I mean and you people know better
because you know all the jobs went down
to mexico you know practically better
than anybody cuz they came right in new
hampshire they came out of New England
and you have suffered because of crazy
policies and it doesn't and it doesn't
help us so with mexico we have the wall
we have the butcher we gonna do
everything right they don't respect us
more by doing that they had a respect us
more by doing what we're going to do I
tell the story with boorda's everybody
know that the forts and just simple
they gonna bill again and it's such a
great story because it's so simple but
forged it has been two and a half
billion dollars building a plant to
mexico so that means you get close
different plants mostly in Michigan I
guess and how does it help us and then
we take their cars trucks and parts no
tax no nothing like people that don't
know what they're doing they just drive
them but you know next thing that could
have the illegals driving right across
the board
modest well if Hillary gets in that's
what's going to happen for 20 buildings
plan and the illegals will drive the
cars right in and they'll probably give
him the car to you know they won't give
them they won't give them to our vet but
the given to the illegal so I tell you
know so I said that's not going to
happen and I kill the serb just doing an
abbreviated caused a lot of you heard it
but a lot of people didn't hear but it's
so good two and a half billion dollars
for spending and it do it
spending it in Mexico by the way nabisco
now it's closing its big plant in
Chicago and then moving it to mexico y
when never gonna have an Oreo right no
more no more Oreos know which is a good
thing not a bad thing that's good in a
lot of different ways but so with Ford
so they could do they could send the
question is what happens when Hillary
gets call and she knows I mean to sound
stupid people she does us no good for
our country but her lobbyists and
special interests are all getting paid
by different companies including Ford
and various and they gonna say you can't
just super PACs to cricket super PACs
how crooked of those super PACs man they
are bad news they are so crooked their
bad news we had super PAC setup for
Trump I didn't even know who the hell do
people were you see people on television
one of them did the art of the deal pack
2 nice-looking young guys I told Fox
shooting it to view it look like I don't
know what they gonna do with the money
people to send the money I have no idea
what they're going to do i mean some of
the candidates have their super PACs no
running their campaigns they've given up
but the super PACs are running and I
think it's I guess it's not correct
they're not supposed to be doing it I
guess you could say it's illegal but
you're not supposed to be doing it but
these super PACs are out of control so
with for it so forth
has this plant and Hillary let's say
finds out and she said what I wanted i
dont wanna don't wanna and then he'll be
called by one of our donors by special
interest lobbies and so we gave you five
million dollars you can't do that that
would be very disloyal etcetera and
bottom line is they will fold
hundred-percent like a hundred percent
with me I don't think any of their money
I have turned down so much money it
sickens me to think of it as my whole
life now my whole life has been taking
money that's what I do with business
people take money take take take some
people said he plays too tough game we
need somebody's gotta play we play we do
it it's a game I you know to certain
point and now I want to put that
whatever that is I want to put it to use
so that we get rid of some of the
nineteen trillion which by the way it's
going to 21 trillion and did you see
what was past two weeks ago
won't happen here we are you know ok so
we're disappointed Democrats I'm more
disappointed the republicans that the
republicans let that get past the visas
the syrians also funded the everything
the border coming through everything is
funded everything is funded that is one
of the most disgraceful things i've seen
and it took what 24 hours it was like
done you know these republicans are
going to go down I'm going public at
some of the likely cause I tell the
truth they're going to go down to
washington and they raised their hand
against Obamacare didn't do it they were
gonna kill Obamacare they didn't do it
you learn how to judge it should have
done it
judge roberts he didn't do it they
didn't do it
he had two chances to do it first time
hundred-percent second time would have
made it so would have gone it's gonna go
anyway here's the good news is going
anyway but it's going to be very now
it's going you know the beautiful thing
about if I run and if I win so I run and
I said this before I just said if I run
and if I win I'll be able to undo his
horrible rules and regulations that have
been crippling our businesses you see I
hope so because I'm working my ass off
this guy
this beautiful young guy he's not going
to be voting for another 10 years but
I'll tell you what I appreciated his
daddy make America great again I
appreciate it now but I am working and
working really hard and frankly I'm
doing it because I wanna put I always
had a talent at getting things good and
I've had a talent that money and we need
it we have to have a talent and I made
the statement about a month ago I said
we want to make our country rich again
and then we're gonna make a gradient and
a woman came up as you said mr. Trump
that sounds recruit to say we gotta make
it rich we can make a debtor nation
right now where a third world nation if
you look at our school system where 28
position we spend the most per student
by far
second is so far behind us and we're
number 28 in the world in schools ok and
by the way
Common Core guy on guy
comment cards Second Amendment yes we're
keeping Second Amendment
you know Obama is looking to do in my
opinion an executive order on the second
amendment I think he's looking cuz he
cant get the support and i think i think
thats gonna be a prob that could be a
tough one for him I think he's gonna try
and do a second does some kind of an
executive order in the second amendment
just based on what I'm feeling and what
I'm saying and I'll tell you
that's gonna be a rough one because
there's nobody more impassioned than the
people that believe strongly in the
second amendment tell you about the
second amendment if in California or in
Paris frankly I mean we're not talking
second embarrassed but when these
animals came in then they started
shooting into various places in Paris if
we had a couple of people like you and
like a couple of people two or three you
guys definitely you guys they would've
gotten off the first shot this guy they
woulda got the first shot but you know
what it was a bit Paris and France have
the toughest gun laws in the world they
say nobody is going to accept the
biggest ok so they walked in with AK
forty-sevens a walk in with all this
stuff and you know they haven't they
bring it is not so hard to get it in if
you don't mind breaking the law they
were the only ones with any weapons and
they had big weapons big weapons
powerful weapons hundred and thirty
people dead many world war gonna die you
know yet people that are hanging by a
thread in hospital and they were just
shooting people randomly and then the
press close to guide the head guy with a
dirty had caused him a message of mine
and I've been hitting them so hard at it
don't call me mister man because they
are playing the internet better than we
do you know we are the we we invented
the internet they played better than we
do they radicalized people over the
internet so I said to him I said look
don't call the press don't call me mr.
mine and I've been saying that for three
weeks and I don't hear anyone I said
he's a low-class sleaze bag who happens
to be dead right now and I called the
guy with the dirty had ok because that's
a good expression and they go in and
they go in they go in and they should
people now if one of you folks had a gun
strapped to your waist or spit on your
ankle strapped out to your ankle and you
could say look at that that's not good
and they received a little fire would
have been people hurt but it would have
been a very small number by compassion
and I know one thing they will they
would be gone that would be done but we
don't have that and when you think about
it
same thing in california they walk into
a room with no guns no anything innocent
people that if they were friends
these people through them like an
anniversary party or something i mean
this is a sickness going there is a sick
this cut this radicalization is very
this is real sickness doubt I say it's a
sickness that's not nice it's kind of
folks this something wrong we gotta find
out what's going wrong
this something really bad happening this
something bad so they go into shoot all
those people 14 16 people dead others
going to die and they should now if a
couple of people have guns in that room
it would have been that way it would
have been that way even a you need to
have everybody if a few of the people
had guns it wouldn't have been that way
and you could say that for every about
the army base with a sick soldiers were
killed and two of them were like
world-class I mean these are top of the
line shoulders one of the boys
world-class marksmen and they had a gun
free zone on a military base you believe
it first thing I'll do first thing I'll
do we take care of our vets were gonna
take care of our police because the
police have been mistreated terribly
and we are gonna and gun-free zones on
military bases and Scott and day one
that'll end day one that that's an
executive order of I ever saw one that's
gonna and a one so when I'm with friends
from New York liberal you know they say
well we're going well and then I go into
pairs I said ok let's assume that we're
Paris and the shooting this and
everybody standing there like how
pleased and missing you overhear book
you is what was happening come over here
boom boom boom nobody could do anything
nobody could do anything they were they
were helpless it was horrible when you
hear the stories it was horrible I
explained that these guys these people
that want to knock out the Second
Amendment they've moved the debate so
badly that they embarrass anyone to talk
as if it's in front of people didn't
talk about it let's go to a different
subject sailors in the next day or so if
you change in my no no they don't change
your mind and I'm not even saying that
but people there something going on
there there's something wrong but we are
going to have a strong second amendment
we are going to keep it we're not going
to let him play with the bullets you
know they want to take away the bullets
that one of the concepts you know
because it doesn't necessarily talk
about bullet so they want to take away
your ammunition we're gonna have a
strong second amendment we're gonna have
it and it's better for the country its
strong it's good I have two young sons
hunters they are they've been the NRA
for so long so my butt but they've been
there for so long
and you know hillary wants to take away
your guns that is such a bad thing she
wants to take away your guns folks and I
i tell you what you know they say the
republicans have a structural problem we
do it's harder for a republican to and
we have a strip certain structural
problems but they what when you talk
about the guns when you talk about the
Common Core when you talk about
different things that we have we have
some big advantages over them we really
have some big big advantages but the
guns are going to be safe
another thing that's going to be safe is
this great state so I want to tell you
it's gonna be as good as I said it's
going to be and I'm telling you it's
going to be in you know what's going on
and it's going in and lots of circles
where they want to and I don't know why
but they want to do something bad to new
hampshire it's not gonna happen if I
went that I can tell you I give you my
word never gonna have never gonna
so I just want to finish by by saying
that we're gonna be strong we're gonna
be smart but we have to be unpredictable
so I'll go to these debates and I have
some of these people some are excellent
in summer I will please you know you
know the ones I'm talking about real
sleaze Mr Trump what do you think of
this that that is that that's not like a
question that's a statement we know who
they are but you know what I say to him
and I say it strongly I say we have to
be unpredictable they're saying what
would you do with that I was going to
bomb the hell out of the UL but I had to
say it eventually that's one problem I
had to say it and now people are saying
I've been saying it for years but I
don't want to say everything I wanna be
unpredictable I wanna be general pat
down wanna be general douglas macarthur
we want to go in we don't want them to
know what the hell were doing we have to
go in and a lot of people love it when I
say that you know it's it's the kind of
thing and the kind of thing and then the
and then the MCS again announcing and
say well he didn't know that I dunno I
knew so much remember Osama bin Laden in
my book remember mom the oil for years
I've been saying it but I said bombing
keeping ok this is different because I
wanted to give a lot of the money to the
vets and the families of the vet said
were work Ill
and to the Wounded Warriors I mean these
are the greatest people the way they go
through life and a big smile on that
face I wanted to give plenty and we have
so much left would have so much but I
want to keep it but look we're going to
do something I'm so happy I did this i
really was torn I said to my wife I said
to my wife on June 6 thank you I
appreciate I appreciate but I said to my
wife I said boy and it dropped out I
went down the famous escalator were she
was elegant and I was waving and and
it's a pretty famous scene now and we
went right from day one we hit it on the
head and we took a lot of heat and a lot
of abuse and everyone's now coming back
same thing with the Muslim situation I
get a lot of heat to three days he said
people don't you know maybe he's right
now they're all talking about somebody
had to bring it up and I'll tell you
what if I don't bring it up would have
never been brought up ok and we have
muslims a wonderful we have one
wonderful people but there's something
going on there they have to turn in like
trenches these people in california
people know we had bombs all over the
floor people know why did they turn them
in turn them in because it's their
culture there around each other they see
each other they know what's going to get
a tournament you can't have people dying
you can't let this happen so I brought
it up when I brought in about illegal
immigration you wouldn't even have that
as a topic if I didn't bring it and
nobody was even talking about it and it
turns out to be
a very big so I I just finished by
saying this it's so important that on
february eighth ninth you what you
should do in February 8 stand there is
you know what you're gonna have you can
have tremendous you have tremendous
numbers of those problems but it's so
important that you get there early and
are troubling night you get in and vote
it's so important because you know
otherwise it's just all a big waste of
time I got a call from one of the most
prominent reporters and very highly
respected and he said to me who I don't
know but he's one of the most probably
one of the most respected in the world
actually and I took his call and he said
how does it feel I said has what feel he
said what you've done nobody else has
ever ever done in the history of policy
and and even the other day as CNN said
number one story from NBC said number
one story so many other number one
search trumped-up ok that's fine but you
know what he said how does it feel like
I said I don't know what you read he
said what you've done I did look what
I've done doesn't mean anything if I
don't want it does to me to me I really
does it they said no and he said no no
it doesn't matter if you win or lose
what you've done is you've changed the
whole dialogue you've changed everything
you've changed politics as we know it
and I want to know how you feel I say I
will let you know after I went because
honestly unless I win it doesn't mean a
damn thing to me I can tell you that I
could graduate so you'll get one of
these you'll get one of these other
candidate up here and they have thirty
people forty people 28 people it's true
I see it we had a thing where we had
four thousand five hundred people in new
hampshire and Bush was down the road
meaning like 30 miles down the road you
know it's new hampshire so long way but
thirty miles down the road and hit a
hundred and nine people we had for 4,500
people this is a movement this is a an
unbelievable thing is happening I don't
even use the term silent majority
because there really a noisy group of
people they want
and and to a large extent this is true
the American dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and stronger more
powerful more beautiful than ever more
beautiful
and just to finish we are going to make
America great again I love you I love
you thank you everybody I love you get
out and vote the night thank you thank
you thank you everybody