talking to somebody that I talked to
report a good report
and I said I don't think you know for
all of the self-funding I don't think
people even understand it I don't think
that most people appreciate the fact I'm
the only one democrat or republican that
sell funds right and I'm saying I don't
know if it's appreciated i dont know cuz
it seems to be but I can't tell you cuz
I was on the other side of the spectrum
for a long time and I gave a lot of
money over the years to politicians the
bloodsuckers I call it I gave a lot I
gave a lot of money over the years I
gave recycled three hundred and fifty
thousand to the Republican Governors
Association I gave money to everyone and
by the way as a business person
especially from the standpoint of
Countrywide worldwide to give to
everybody you want everybody to love you
you always do that you have to have an
obligation to your company your
employees to your family to everybody
but I just wonder self funding right it
does matter doesn't it doesn't it I
think
cause I never understood whether or not
the people really understand it whether
or not the people that do really get it
because I want to tell you when you
looking to pass legislation or oil or
drugs or something and I'll tell you a
story that I heard recently a friend of
mine came up and he's in the
pharmaceutical business and he said to
me and very successful guy he said to be
80 Donald terrible thing happens when
the united states which is the largest
buyer of drugs meaning drugs to make
people better prescription drugs
etcetera everything they don't negotiate
the price so even if the largest buyer
in the world but they don't negotiate
the price they buy things almost as
though you went to your local drugstore
and took it off the shelf that's the
price and they said how is that possible
no I immediately knew why but if it were
that way if we did negotiate let's say
we did a favorite nation's laws ok
meeting the person that buys whatever
drug for the lowest price during that
year that's the price the United States
will pay ok now we should pay less but
at least it if we do that will save
about three hundred billion dollars
though can you believe that no can you
believe that one so you talk about
medicare you talking about all those
different you know they say we can't do
this weekend to that somebody said why
is it now I was even surprised at that
and I'm a pretty skeptical guy when it
comes to politics and politicians cause
I know politicians better than anybody
in the world those but somebody said
well donald's not experience I said to
experience I've been dealing with these
guys all my life I know so they said how
is it possible that something like that
could happen how is it possible version
of the drug companies are massive donors
to the politicians so if you look at
Johnson and Johnson and you look at
these different companies they give to
the politicians so why do the
politicians do no no you can't negotiate
you have to pay effectively you have to
pay retail it's so simple that will end
on day one
ok that was formed a terrible it's
terrible you know government spending
people talk about budgets to politicians
it took about budgets so government
spending billions and billions and
billions of dollars can be cut in hours
and hours yes it down folks relax we're
gonna be here for I'll be here so I by
the way I came in so we came in I landed
we drove here from the airport
you have the most beautiful churches
i've seen i mean these churches
seriously no the churches there were
three of four they were so beautiful so
I almost want to just go in and pray but
I figured I'd be late and you would like
that ok but you have honestly the most
beautiful churches coming in speaking of
that Christianity as you know is under
siege it's under seige we're not going
to let it happen we're not gonna be I
would like a letter that you know I've
been telling people we're going to start
saying Merry Christmas again a Christmas
we're gonna start saying it was shot
undersea you know what happened and I
was with pastors and ministers resettle
and a whole group there a lot of
endorsements with the evangelicals I'm
leading nationwide in the polls and
people say wow Donald they don't know
they don't understand people people
don't understand I have an unbelievable
relationship jerry falwell junior just
endorse me which was a great endorsement
pastor Jeff Francis Lewis is a great guy
pass to Jeffery said so many but we're
leaving with a weird number one with
evangelicals and they they want to have
somebody that's going to protect the
country they want to have somebody
that's gonna make great trade deals they
want to have somebody that's gonna get
rid of Obamacare and do something we
have so many alternatives I don't know
if you've seen what's happened some of
you have because people come up to me
that dropping at El even have lost a
fortune
it's going to die in seventeen anyway
unless the republicans continue to
extend didn't read it money but people
are going up 25 35 45 percent with the
premiums going up and look at what's
happening they're not getting denied
getting coverage of not getting proper
care I mean it's so bad it's so bad it's
not working if you are run over by a
truck
you probably won't be able to use your
insurance so we're gonna get rid of it
would replace it with something that's
going to be great but what happened what
happened with the church's what happened
with the church's is president johnson
put in a bill that really has everybody
nervous because it makes them a
political entity they lose their
tax-exempt status so they actually have
less power than the people sitting here
because that doesn't happen to us and I
said how could you let it happen
the church has such incredible power in
this country if they used it if they've
been together but they don't band
together and I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure they don't ban together because
they're afraid to lose their tax-exempt
status and I said to him recently
had fifty ministers come up and pastors
come up to my office and we SAT around
talked for two hours was amazingly so
interesting I have such tremendous
support with MSA folks you have probably
two hundred and fifty million you have a
bigger lobby than women and you have a
bigger lobby than men that's not bad
right I said and you don't have real
power if I would have said what I said
which a lot of people respect and I said
with respect when I talked about radical
Islamic terrorism and people respected
we have a president that won't use the
term you won't talk about it you never
going to solve the problem unless you
talk about it but if I would have said
that talking about the muslims if I
would have said the same things about
Christians I wouldn't have the same
approach hard to believe the whole thing
is ridiculous we had a pick up a couple
of you might remember that a couple of
months ago because things are going gone
and I talked temporary but things are
going on there are bad this hatred that
nobody's ever seen anything like this
when you fly planes into the World Trade
Center you fly planes into the Pentagon
the third plane I have to tell you these
were brave people they took it down
probably heading to the white house they
think but there's an anger out there
when you look at Paris and you have
these thugs walk in and kill a hundred
and thirty people with many many people
in hospitals that are so gravely injured
many more will die when you look at
california few weeks ago with the
radicalized couple they say she
radicalized him who cares what do these
people come from nowhere do they come
from where do they come from
and then President Obama yesterday goes
to a mosque and he apologizes I mean
what what's going on
we have to write
not only goes in and he apologizes and
you know it's all fine but we have to
find out what's going on when we have
the migration and you look at this and
it's very sad and we should build safe
centers we should build safe zones in
Syria but we have a migration and you
look and you see so many young strong
men and they say where the women and the
children are you have but you have in
disproportionately small numbers and
then you have a president wants to take
him in by the thousands and we are know
where they come from who they are
it may be a Trojan horse it maybe Isis
nobody knows ok nobody knows and we're
taking in thousands and thousands and
thousands of people and the real numbers
are far greater than the number you
talking about and you know what we all
have hearts we wanted to be good I want
to build safe zones I wanna have to me
let that let somebody else pay for it
for change the Gulf states are making a
fortune right Saudi Arabia before the
oil went down now they're making a
little bit less ABF they were making a
billion dollars a day to give it a
billion dollars a day and we pay for
everything we protection Arabia we
protect so many countries you know we
protect your money nobody knows we
protect Japan Japan has a treaty with us
if we get attacked they don't have to do
anything if they get attacked we have to
start world war three ok this way now
all ideals we don't make good deals we
don't win anymore we don't win we never
have occurred when was the last time we
had a victory so we take he said ww2
that's actually pretty
remember who said that said up stand up
we've had some but we haven't had many
we certainly don't have many victories
anymore
well that's good you better vote for me
speaking of that you will you please get
out you gotta vote it's going to be a
biggie I tell you this you won't you
won't be sorry
think of this picketers so we protect
South Korea we have 28,000 soldiers
right now on the line between north and
south korea we have the maniac over
there you know talking about nuclear
nuclear every time he raises his head
we start sending our ships over now I
like south of buildings in south korea I
do great with so many many people like I
like China but they kill us okay because
the leaders are much smarter than our
leaders but we have the greatest
businesspeople in the way we just don't
use it we used political hacks but South
Korea take it
28 wiews political action negotiated
deals it's unbelievable
all talk no action these guys know I
like the weather held his group is out
like this group
so we have 28,000 soldiers we protect
South Korea every time I ordered a huge
amounts of television sets a different
judge thousands and thousands again from
South Korea it is a absolute behemoth
they make a fortune why are we doing
this I want to do it I want to protect
them but we're a debtor nation we are
nineteen trillion dollars 19 trillion
nobody even knows what the hell the word
treated means if I asked even the smart
how many millions are in the Chilean how
many hundred millions of how many
billions is it a trillion it's so out of
control people don't even know even the
top smartest people that aren't even
know we are 19 trillion dollars we have
now with that stupid budget deal that
was approved three weeks ago that gotta
prove so fast
by the republicans it got approved how
long did it take half a day so we have a
budget deal you know we send these
people to washington they shoud tough
we're gonna fight Obamacare we're gonna
fight for this weekend to fight for that
with it take care of our vets which
nobody cares about Sept from we gotta
take care
we send them to washington they gonna
take care of the vet figure to do all
these things they get there and
something happened so they look at the
beautiful I always say they look at
those beautiful marble columns they look
at the Florence a look at the angels in
the ceiling and they say to the husband
and the wife darling we finally made it
we're never leaving and then they say
are you voting for Obama care and they
go yes some voted for obama-care it's
crazy
something happens some things in the
water in washingtonDC something
happened
but is that really disappointing ok so
here it is so you have this man on the
to the right to the right now in to the
right of the differences but you have
this band has a maniac perhaps and you
gotta give him credit for one thing that
guy's a young guy he's dealing with
these generals his father dies and he
maintains control something going that
you know when they don't underestimate a
guy like that do not underestimate right
does everyone know what I mean there's
plenty of guys I assume want to take
control the father dies two kids young
kid takes over do not underestimate that
kind of talent now they'll say all I
like it I don't like him at all just
don't underestimate Vladimir Putin said
the other day donald Trump is a genius
he's the leader and he's going to be the
leader in the United States he made a
statement
these people are running against the
republicans said that's terrible that he
said that you have to denounce that
statement denounce it immediately you
have to do an out I said you think I'm
going to denounce a fact that I guys
calling me like great energy I'm gonna
do that's crazy are you crazy
with us what you know
I love you too man even though it's a
guy but I love whoever the hell who is
that I like that guy so now but wouldn't
it be nice seriously I read the other
day with the military is having a hard
time buying bombs because this so
unbelievably expensive probably they do
the same thing is with the drugs out
whatever it is will pay right because
again the defense contractors are big
contributors right I haven't even
started this folks believe me I figured
out like at about two seconds
think of it they can't get the bombs
again get the missiles because they're
so expensive so wouldn't it be nice if
we can use rice and they use some of
their bombs and then this is we have to
pay for it so that's what's going to
happen that's what's going to happen I
think we'll get along fine I think we'll
get along fine and we have to stop being
the policemen for the entire world most
of which hates her guts hey I got i mean
you think about it look what we did we
going to Iraq which by the way yet how
saddam hussein this was not a nice guy
but he had one thing that he really
liked doing he killed terrorists ok he
killed terrorists and he didn't have
weapons of mass destruction by the way
in case anybody doesn't know so we go in
and I said you're somebody said Jeb Bush
said nice light on the chopping off its
low energies they're chopping off the
heads of Christians in the Middle East
and many other people and we're supposed
to have a nice tone ok we're supposed to
have a wonderful town well ladies and
gentlemen is that nice the world is an
evil place you have to understand the
world is tough right now
this is like medieval times you know
when we read about medieval times is to
jump ahead I heard of chopping off heads
until recently
James James Foley remember James a great
beautiful James Foley with his parents
are great people but they started
chopping off heads we do here deserve
these are people that are animals and we
gotta ended we gotta knock the hell out
of them and fast fast so we have to stop
saddam hussein shown 2003 2004 that area
job-producing I do great job they do
really good stuff I have a great
statement did a wonderful job when I put
in my papers everyone went crazy they
were hoping they would look good they
would much bigger than anybody ever
thought very low debt some of the
greatest developments in the world
Turnberry in Scotland Doral in Miami I
mean some of the great some of the great
buildings of the world a big chunk of
the Bank of America building in San
Francisco buildings in New York the
press look these people read all those
cameras they looked by the way they'll
never show that audience behind them all
but I like you will you show the
audience behind you pls 10,000 people
turning I love it I love it while I love
it he turned the cameras
thank you very much that was very nice
that never happens I don't think it's
ever happened I always go home and my
wife she sees me on television
told us live television they don't take
them in every every event is live
television someday I'd like to do one
without cameras likud up but of course
if the cameras are near that means bad
things happening to write that means
nobody cares but every time I go home I
was just to be darling where there many
people there
10,000 10,000 did you see that no no
they only show your face they'd never
move it and that I always talk about the
protesters I say I love protesters
the only time they movie cameras when
there's a protester cuz that's supposed
to be a bad thing so I love protesters
and i said im gonna start creating my
own protesters ok thats I'll be honest
they altered or both subnet guy on the
right didn't turn out in awhile how he
didn't turn that guy right there
right
yeah right but now I honestly I really
we've done a lot of these we've had
tremendous audience tremendous you have
over 10,000 people today and look at the
people still pouring in its crazy folks
it's a movement I'm telling you this
isn't like you know other guys come here
are the candidates come here there's
like a hundred and twelve people
fifty-nine people I mean jeb Bush's
spent a hundred and twelve million
dollars and nobody shows up wat the
house and he spent a lot of it on
negative ads on me and he goes ahead
after editor at a Shell and I hope
people don't think so and then it goes
up he does negative ads we have
something special happening there's a
movement going on we're going to take
our country back that's what we're going
to do and we're gonna run our country
intelligence intelligence and we're
actually going to have because you know
a lot of people left when I say but I
did it I'm a unifier I bring people
together we have a president who's a
divider he's a very divisive person I am
a unified we are gonna bring people
together this country is totally
disjointed everybody hates everybody and
people shouldn't be surprised at USC our
country is going to come together we
have a movement going on that hasn't
been seen it was on the cover of Time
magazine last week
great sorry right great story written by
somebody that never called me he never
called me I should I finally found out
how to handle the press don't speak to
him was when I talk to my get lousy
stories all the time it's incredible but
if i dont this guy's a great writer he
has eroded pressure but he is he's known
as a brilliant writer and you should get
it the one last week he talked about the
fact that we have something going on
that hasn't happened in this country in
many many years and some people say it's
never happened in the country
there's never been anything like this I
go to dallas we have a stadium like this
we have 20,000 people with the Mavericks
play I go to Mobile Alabama Alabama
right right they do have a good football
team right now I have to admit
we have to be true we can respect
somebody we can respect the stuff but
now but I got a mobile alabama we have
35,000 people we go twice now to
Oklahoma 20,000 people all of New
Hampshire we have the biggest crash the
biggest crowds all over it no matter
where we go we have the biggest crowds
and there's something there is something
happening well she said you can't stop
you can stop you know how we can stop if
they don't vote if we have people to
question is do people get up and vote
you know so weird thing they stand
outside for five hours to come in and
the only question because now we're
going to see you know without the caucus
stuff and I think we did great in iowa
you know I really do I think we did I
think the people of Iowa tremendous we
had an amazing time there and I really
you know a lot of people said don't go
to Iowa skip Iowa started new hampshire
new hampshire doing really well but
started to have said no but I like I
when I like two people have a lot of
friends that live in my window will go
to and I think we should come in first
to be honest with you a lot of things
happen they're not the things happen a
lot of things happened there but is it
funny I came in a strong strong second
third was quite a distance away although
they said about Marco who is he was so
close
class is over 2,000 votes which you know
we're not talking about use numbers two
things happened
number 12 largest vote in the history of
Iowa that the republicans write the
number
largest 280,000 which ad I got other
than the one who is a double candidate
you know has two candidates for one I
got the largest vote outside of the one
candidate I got the largest ever in the
history of it you know so I and I've
never done this before I'm not a
politician show but
thank you thank you so the person that
came in third
unbelievable result unbelievable is a
huge victory but I came in second in the
should do so well as they can but you
see I don't think I did come in second I
think I came in first ok
but but I honestly it doesn't matter
get a lot of delegates at it really
doesn't matter because my total focus
now is our new hampshire and then next
week my total focus is going to be right
here in South Carolina so we are going
to create borders this country has
people coming in and a lot of the wrong
and I just saw this statistic today it
came in yesterday in congress a hundred
and seventy nine thousand you know that
is that's like yankee stadium filled up
three or four times a hundred and
seventy nine thousand huge criminal
aliens right these are people that were
convicted of a crime
ok convicted some of them very serious
crimes we have them now in our country
we don't even send them out
we're gonna get about now we're gonna
get about and we're gonna send it back
where they came from when I put them in
jail for forty years
for years and years in jail it's
expensive
strong borders are Border Patrol people
are fantastic and we're going to build a
wall ok remember we're going to build a
wall
I always gonna kick his ass are you
ready and who is going to pay for the
wall
so easy and so easy you know we have a
trade deficit with Mexico that's so you
it's so big or as Donald Trump would say
it's so huge it is so massive and again
these politicians I'm not gonna reveal a
lot of I really like all but they never
gonna get you to the promised land folks
none of them I know him all that is not
their thing it's not that they so they
come up to me you can't build a wall
really can't you well you know that's
how easy it's so easy I know exactly
what is going to look like it's so easy
China has a wall of this bill two
thousand years ago that's 18,000 miles
law that's a walk now that 1 I'd say
maybe we don't bill that's like going
across the united sates somebody's gonna
build a wall in northern border well
that's a pretty big law about four times
that China the Great Wall of China
18,000 miles long can you imagine that
they built a two thousand years ago wall
that's a big wad I'd see that this is
serious wall this is not a wall that
they drive the jeeps across with the
ramp so you know we have little walls
are like this I like four children they
actually do they built rafts down its
easier but they've built in this
pictures in the magazine short I think
it time magazine a jeep loaded up with
drugs goes up down sell the drugs she
does goes to new hampshire without a
huge problem they have a huge problem
you have a huge everybody in the country
is used to go up to go down they come
back so we get the drugs that they get
the cash no good
not gonna happen anymore not gonna
happen anymore
not gonna happen
portly we have people so addicted
because you get into the heroin and it's
cheap and they're so addicted and
getting out of it getting out of that
addiction is a tremendous trouble that
help people have to help people but the
best way to stop the best way is if they
don't start and if they can't get it
either way to make it so tough we're
gonna make it so
but these politicians come up to me and
the politicians and they said to me
seriously how you look at it get Mexico
to pay and they always say they say
you're not gonna be able to get Mexico
to pay how he didn't do that and I say
it's easy
the deficit is hoping they make so much
money we give them a lot of money on top
of everything else which is hard to
believe we give them a lot of money we
have searched the world is peanuts
compared to the numbers you talking
about I didn't know that these people
these are not people that are gonna get
you there so carl icahn endorsements a
great businessman many other great
businessman endorse me and they want to
be involved they don't want money they
don't want to have you know then that
political he's a great people he's a
great now some nice nice where the hell
cares right now we can some you wouldn't
want to go to dinner with you and the
beautiful red sweater you wouldn't want
any part of ammo though they're so rich
I don't know that your husband there now
you know the guy next to you then you
probably wouldn't mind dinner with a guy
who's worth 10 billion though who knows
but we have the greatest business people
in the world we don't use we use his
political hacks people they gave
contributions to get jobs we as people
that have no talent we use people that
actually have conflicts of interest when
they negotiate they like China they have
deals I mean we are the worst we are led
by people that are stupid we are led by
people that are incompetent
we can't keep going we can't keep going
you know every year the 19 trillion 20
trillion you know at what point does it
stop and you know I said to the
politicians who said we have a plan on
the budget they were telling me they
think they can balance the budget over
the next 25 years I said 25 years that's
a long time
25 years and it took about 25 ok so
we're gonna make our country so strong
we can build up our military you know
it's very depleted general and very very
depleted and it has to be because last
quarter we are now just practically no
growth we would essentially no growth
you know what China announces 7% growth
we we haven't had seven percent growth
in many many years what China and now
just 7% growth it's like a catastrophe
for China we have no gross I last
quarter no growth think that what that
means that means ha Rochelle our exports
this month and last couple of months I
now negative they went way down
lowest since the recession which means
one thing you can have a big recession
it's coming within a bubble
ugly ugly bubble and you see it now with
the stock market starting to happen
because the only good sign the 5% self
is is nonsense the the unemployment rate
because if you're looking for a job and
you try so hard and you go here and i
cant find it ok so now you go and you
quit you just can't do it anymore chance
I just bought 200 places I get to see
you give up you are statistically
considered employed in other words you
are now taking off thats why they give
these phony numbers the real
unemployment rate is over 25% and I'll
tell you something if it were really 5%
like this it is which is a number
devised by the politicians to make them
look at before Obama long before Ababa
they should look at hey if I win its
gonna make me look great
but you know what it's a number devised
because they don't count people that
look for jobs and can't find them then I
cannot get how can you not counting
heads of millions of people that can't
find jobs I will tell you if that number
will correct we wouldn't have a stadium
like this full of people right we
wouldn't have it wouldn't be it wouldn't
be so it wouldn't be i talked about the
way we deal I talked about all of the
things we do we have to use examples and
you know what you don't have to use lots
of different examples I can't but there
are some that are so egregious sergeant
pergola trader right is treasurer is a
dirty rotten trader by the way so side
yet he's a traitor he left he walked he
thought it was gonna have a wonderful
life you know celebrating whatever they
celebrate so he lives we lose six people
killed great young beautiful soldiers I
see their parents great beautiful
soldiers get killed they go out and they
look at and they're looking at they get
killed probably viciously killed it
right we get back
yeah we had a general and a colonel and
they were interviewing everybody they
knew he was a traitor it wasn't like oh
they made a mistake and I you can see
that you would like that how can you be
that stupid but this is far worse we
knew he was a traitor so far deles we
get Bergdahl and they get five killings
that they've cut it that they've wanted
for nine years and that now all out back
on the battlefield tried to kill us all
what kind of a deal is this what kind of
people what kind of people would make a
deal like this
the other is why I talk about it all the
time because it's almost that even
understandable it's so ridiculous the
deal with Iran we give them one hundred
and fifty billion dollars we get nothing
we haven't negotiated named John Kerry
as Secretary of State
now she'll show said I talked about
every time I talk I don't even believe
it could be possible and he doesn't ever
walk from the negotiation he's got a
negotiation he doesn't walk from the guy
they are dancing in the streets all over
around at the great deal that burning
the American flag this saying how stupid
we are because it feels so good at the
deal has been made yet that was six
months ago remember they're all dancing
I said this still doesn't make it right
who the hell would go back in just keep
negotiating like nothing's happening and
you have as obama calls him the supreme
leader I will never call him the Supreme
Leader Fox
you have a year Obama we have spoken to
the supreme leader that is I always set
of children we serve as I thought of you
have a deal where they get a hundred and
fifty billion did you see what they
spent all that money in Europe and with
russia and with other countries
everybody but us they bought a hundred
at eighteen Airbus's right hundred at a
Cape not Boeing Airbus faded Europe they
bought missiles from russia then
negotiating with Italy then negotiating
with everybody but the United States
shipper United States what are we doing
and then carried two weeks ago says yes
we expect some of that money will be
used to terror but we haven't been able
to see it yet if he thinks terror what
the hell does he give you the money
right did you see that two weeks ago
he's talking about
yes we expect some of the money will be
used for terror is this man a dumbing or
why what we're doing now that deal and
ice ages we should never ever have given
them that money that we should never
have started that negotiation unless we
had our prisoners back
ever and what you do just you know
pretty simple is like 101 any one of
these people that I'm talking about that
will be negotiate would have said this
stances I would say what you do is you
go and you said we need our prisoners
back 34 years ago did you see it you'll
take so long what forever you know why
they just kept saying no no no we just
kept saying okay okay okay anyway the
deal went like three years four years I
never saw deal takes so long and we
never walk we never once walked out of
the room I said boy would this be a good
time to a because so often it was so bad
and you saw what was happening as it was
being covered by the media and you saw
what was happening at lyk it would make
Obama look so good if they actually got
up and walked right lieutenant governor
what a great guy by the way a lot of
great what a family water family the
bush of the family we stand up this is a
great woman this is the real boss right
here looked great couple great people
really greatly appreciate how do you
like his commercial did you hear it that
everybody here it pretty not that many
people heard what's going on did people
here the commercial I think it's great I
told him I said Henry I actually move my
voice kisses said I endorses commercial
you have to say that as a matter of life
and I did like my voice compared to his
voices voices so beautiful I said do me
a favor moving to the front that said
the back I did like but with your ndo
what happens is you go in and you say
gotta have the prices they'll say no you
leave the desperate they need money
their economies Gresham it's a disaster
over there or it was now they're rich as
hell he said we need to get out of our
personnel say no you walk out you say
bye bye
enjoy your crashed economy enjoy your
depression enjoy your depression funk
they'll call within I always say 48
hours but I usually mean 24 hours they
usually me two hours but we don't even
get on the plane and they say you have
here prisoners lender prisoners land you
go in four seconds right and seconds are
the following folks you know my father
as you say take the lumps and he thought
I was too full
he had a son that his high-energy had a
son high-energy as opposed to chip now
my father used to say the Sun set to
tough so you know I would say you're not
getting the money should tough right you
know you force them to do things it's
not good so I would have said the follow
Alice you got a problem we r 19 trillion
dollars we have another two trillion
because we had it it's approved budgets
that it don't know what to do it so
we're 21 trillion we don't have the
money we don't have it there's nothing
we can do about it we won't be able to
give you the hundred and fifty billion
dollars they'll go nuts but within 23
days later that tobacco now we saved a
hundred and fifty billion dollars it's
easy now we get down to negotiate we
make a deal
ok cuz I love the idea of making deals
on nuclear nuclear is very important we
have to do something with nuclear
nuclear is a whole day crazy deal and we
have to and we have to be very vigilant
and we have to be very careful and we
have to make sure that the wrong people
don't get and if we think somebody's got
it we gotta really act we can't just
haven't noticed like a North Korea they
talk about iran now an offer to
surrender and doesn't have no clear they
will after this they don't even have to
make it they can buy it for all the
money they have but they don't have but
the guy in krajena have something like
like homework it's so unpleasant you
don't want to think about it well given
notice we never talk about North Korea
he's actually got to clear we don't talk
to know why they don't talk China has to
take care of that problem and if China
doesn't take care of that problem we
have to hurt them on trade because they
suck so much money out of US system they
suck our jobs they take so much I love
to Chinese too great friends of mine I
make a fortune with
I tell people the largest bank in the
world as a tenant the mine in Manhattan
its from China I sell condominiums 50
hands of millions of dollars to the
Chinese the grade but like the Mexico
leaders like the Japanese leaders the
chinese leaders are too smart for up
people that just watch for leaders are
leaders don't have a clue they don't
even have a clue they devalue their
currency I'll it is like the new trade
deal where they don't even talk about
devaluation that's the number one thing
they do and it's not even discuss that's
why I'm so against the new trade deal
and watch China which is it a part of
the trade deal will come in at a later
date through the back door and they'll
take advantage of us like they always do
because we have people that are not the
right people negotiating ideals just
like when we had carry and these clowns
at negotiated a deal with Iran so what
we have is we have a deal now where they
get the money where they have 24 days
for inspection so in other words we call
up we think that we want to inspect
because we hear missiles are being built
in a certain area so they have 24 days
but the clock doesn't start kicking you
have to go through a whole process so
the 24 days could be much much longer
but the greatest is where they have his
own with a self inspect the shelf
inspected
think of it we call up as President
Obama would say we call up the supreme
leader supreme leader sir sir Obama sure
I hear you're making missiles would you
please self-respect and let us know
whether or not there's any nuclear being
made on that
pleased Ala
so what you please tell us whether or
not as any nuclear being made in that
area and yes you know in our agreement
you will self inspect oh yes will call
you back to 1909
ridiculous know that Obama got wonderful
news on a lot away doing folks what the
hell are we doing what the hell are we
doing
so I said they said look behind me
that love this country remember that
and then I said it's not the greatest
two weeks ago I started saying this is a
ron is gonna take over iraq iraq has the
largest oil reserves in the world second
in the world among the richest
beautiful oil and I mean the best
highest-quality thats Iraq now I ron and
I said this in 2003 2004 Reuters don't
do it you'll be stable and I'm the most
militaristic person in this room I will
tell you ok believe me believe me nobody
is gonna mess with us we're gonna be
strong going to be powerful and nobody's
gonna mess and hopefully well hopefully
hopefully we'll have to use that power
but you know when you are strong and you
really really strong and people know it
and yet the right leader that a mess
with you babe message gonna be all right
now their toys they talking with us they
toiled with us you look at it
China toys with us they built in the
South China Sea a phenomenal I mean it's
incredible it's a fort with runways for
planes for bombers for ever think they
don't care about us they don't care
about us we can't even put up a wall at
that building a thing and you know by
the way one of the reasons we didn't
build the wall we couldn't get fifteen
years ago we could get the environmental
impact statement you believe it not show
they couldn't get an invite because the
stones and all sorts of stuff they're
going to build a wall this way to avoid
to avoid red I read i snail
about two billion more just do if you
turn there's a snake in the way there's
a rattlesnake it's very rare let's move
the wall about a mile last and give a
little turned a wall that look like a
press so so China in the South China Sea
is building a massive military compound
with runways and everything and you know
they do environmental impacts that they
have the biggest excavators you've ever
seen and they're ripping the hell out of
the ocean they're ripping and dumping
and they're ripping and their debts
almost finished and they do it they
supposed to do it no do they have any
respect for us know did they suck us dry
on trade
yes they've taken so many jobs millions
of jobs
thousands and thousands of factories and
they're great I don't mind you know what
it's ok I'm angry at our people I'm not
angry at them if they can get away with
it it's great I'm not upset with him I'm
upset with the people that we have that
allowed our country to be salvaged like
this
the greatest deal I've ever seen
is what Iran did where they're taken
over iraq now if you think of it watch
I've been really good at this stuff I
was the first one I said bomb the oil
pump the oil balm the oil who got the
oil a lot of it I says I should have
been saying you know some of you have
listened to bomb the everybody said and
then they actually interviewed on one of
the networks about a year ago one of the
generals Mr Trump is very insistent on
bombing ooo that would never work
bombing the oil you know we have
generals echoing talk shows all the time
you think General George Patton would
have been big on the talk shows he would
have you want to have this war over
before it had a chance to go from his
base to the studio where they fell on
the talk show
trucks were in bad shape
what's going to happen now is we have
created a monster power with Tehran Iran
takes over iraq they've got it got it
that you know people so they haven't
what they have done it and Iraq Dow is
looking to Iran for protection the whole
thing is Chris the whole thing is crazy
but now they take over Yemen didn't want
them in but they want the border between
saudi arabia because they want to take
over the island Saudi Arabia a Saudi
Arabia's very rich Saudi Arabian hijab
protection to get a pass something they
need to take a given something folks we
don't have the money I want to protect
you I want to take care of you I want to
work with you a country just don't have
the money to keep doing this so we're
protecting shouts career for peanuts for
nothing we're protecting Saudi Arabia
makes one billion dollars a day before
the pressure now makes a half a billion
and a not so bad but was making a year
ago a billion dollars a day and when
protector and when we send our ships you
turn those suckers out a question
million dollars right to turn on the
engines we protect him every time we
protect everybody we protect South Korea
he shot Chup Chup Chup we immediately
start sending our ships our pleasure we
get that thing we get nothing I want to
protect what we can't do it anymore we
don't have the money now if they wanna
pay us substantial money we I want to
protect them but we can't do it
28,000 soldiers on the border why are we
doing this and those soldiers are in
serious danger ok just so you understand
they are in serious serious danger we're
protecting Germany everybody has a
mercedes-benz will protect in germany
it's a baby meth and economic behemoth
we're protecting them I love them
my father came from Germany but you know
what think it helped us out we don't
like we want at least cost we can't keep
doing this we can't keep doing this
and then people wonder why do we have 19
trillion in debt and why are we doing so
poorly so look we have a very very big
day coming for you folks very surreal a
really big day on the 9th up in new
hampshire that we come down here ten
days later we go with you we gotta win I
promise you one thing I don't want your
money I don't want your money I don't
want anything just want your vote
gotta get out and vote gotta get out
because if you don't get out and vote
we've always had a lot of time and
energy in my case money I don't care but
but we've wasted tremendous time
tremendous amounts of energy and our
country is going to hell and we've gotta
stop it so
so ladies and gentlemen of South
Carolina luck looks very simple we are
going to start winning again we're gonna
win on trade we're gonna win with the
military within a win without pet shop
that's going to be taken care of we're
gonna win with health care we're gonna
win with health care we're going to get
rid of common core which is a total
disaster for education
so vital to protect
we're going to have strong borders again
we're going to have the wall people come
into our country but they're coming into
our country legally through a legal
process
we are going and we're going to win a
lot and ideally we're going to win all
the time we have all the cards if we go
with a hillary or this character bernie
or any of these people I'm telling you
we're going to be so deep
we're going to be in such trouble it's
never going to come back so are you
ready
the american dream right
the american dream is dead but we're
gonna make it bigger and better and
stronger than ever before
we're going to make america