the show biz ladies and gentlemen we
our great sex
Pearl Harbor
we don't want World Trade Center is we
don't want that ever happening to us
again so I want to thank everybody 2,000
people outside and sometimes you say
when you like to wait about an hour
until they all come in but we can't get
anything with differences we all got
lucky I played great shape and in
Highland trial 33%
carson had 16 and going down and Rubio
at 11 and pushing for managed trade 33
just came out
everyone else
generals television talk a lot of
military people here to waste time
military so strong so how are so great
you know in many ways this thing we can
do to cheapest thing as fighting these
wars are doing and we have leaders are
afraid to do anything that makes it so
great so strong that people message did
not messing with it take care of our
trading status who wounded warriors
thank you are not being taken care of we
have illegal immigrants it taken care of
better than our incredible veterans and
it's not going to happen to do
trunk 46% can you imagine that with all
of these characters running on foreign
policy truck and you know it's very you
can say well maybe some I think that
people want to see strong then went to
see strength they want to see protection
they want to be protected and that's it
i watch list and I watched the president
truly didn't know what he was doing he
did
why he was there he refuses to use the
term radical Islamic terrorism he
refuses to use the term I don't even
know who knows what is going on
I know how it's just gonna be an
extension of Obama I think maybe worse
she's got no strength she's got no
salmon remember that you don't need a
president with no strain of Salmonella
when we're being written to trade with
being ripped off on Obamacare which
should be repealed and replaced by
myself
taken care of what jerry is never been
like it is today one of the generals was
on television as usual daily with Elise
prepare now anytime that he's ever seen
it and he's been there a long time
retiring that's how we are in the most
dangerous world we've ever had because
of the power of weapons we have people
that don't know I'm telling you I
watched i watch his generals the
interview
General George Patton would be
interviewed they do the total and
complete victory general douglas regard
their first day talk later these guys
and I don't think we'll have to you know
just bush he said yesterday was the
interview he said that he was elected as
a 13 percent something like those things
you'll find out but if you look at what
happens where he is upset with me
because he says the talk dial trial is
not nice
whose heads of jumped up in the middle
east Christian and for other reasons
drowned and steel cages and we talked
about my tom foolery said the same thing
other stone is not nice living in a
different plan
we need somebody who's strong we need
somebody was incredible energy but
incredible intelligence and all of those
things you know a lot of people but then
that's everything we need tough we need
in this country we own 80 trillion the
budget they signed two weeks ago is he
making 21 truman it's a trillion
trillion dollars per gallon heard of the
word 21 trillion dollars in the very
near future we are really in trouble we
have to rebuild our country we have to
rebuild our infrastructure we have to
rebuild our military and yet we do deals
with China with this trade imbalance of
four hundred billion dollars a year in
their favor by the ship and they said
the cars by the millions seventy billion
dollars here imbalance like we're going
to build a wall it will lol
I really stop on hillary was at least 15
people you know this fifteen I had very
strong he went down
governor walking nice guy he went to
every kind we gotta keep it that way to
grandmas he's got 0
literally zero and the kids talk and get
so much television television and he's
80 his ideas are so bad I'm more
military see in him but I know how to
live he does he was just attack
everything John McCain
sometime the holy city but gotta know
what I was against the war in Iraq so I
just wrote you have to write a great
temperament dunno what you doing I said
if you attack a wrap around is gonna
take over the entire Middle East because
you are ruined it was so simple to me
and actually they sent a group from the
white house because I got so much
publicity so much publicity that they
sent a groom from the white house see
missus see if you can have a rain check
over the middle east and that's what's
happened and arrest them and take over
iraq issuers you sitting there and by
the way iraq with the second
largest oil reserves and we lost
thousands of the house we have wanted
worries level of all over the place two
trillion dollars we have nothing we got
absolutely and we left and we have a
president but then we should elect the
way we left
good and really make our country great
that if I spoke to that young woman that
I really think I could convince him that
we're all in this together we want to
have a strong we want to have a good guy
this is a great guy
thank you
but you know if you think about it and
you have some of the can never be
satisfied no matter what they just
troublemakers but most people aren't and
they believe something that has some
very slight friends on agree with me
that the other side but I really believe
that we have to be
was same person
I got a judge yourself by the securities
just say you can do very nice to you
cell number
thank you very nice person in the same
thing you would think that everybody
will say that everybody every single
person
thank you
in fact is that all there is about the
president's speech and I wrote something
today and i think is very very important
and probably not politically correct but
I don't hear
in california where somebody was making
bombs in an apartment the mother's
mother didn't notice anything will I
watched believe me in my opinion she was
lying like crazy I watched my brother
was such a wonderful guy didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know and I watched
the next joint saying we didn't read
them just didn't want a racial profiling
parade
would like to see the country so many
different ways itself
imagine what a great leaders of the past
12 said with the kind of crap that's
happening with us they didn't want to
replace them because they thought it was
ok you know the the pipe bombs all of
the above is this long to many of them
together but we didn't want to rush the
300 K you are or how bout with the
families and friends go back with the
worst worst because with the world trade
said they would killing innocent
civilians at least dirty rotten sneak
attack at least
while it was but this was an attack on
the World Trade so what's happened is
whereas we have no idea was coming into
our country we have no idea what they
hate us we have no idea if they want to
bomb us we have no idea what's going on
and then I looked at called him winning
those numbers are like looking at these
subjects I hated to look at age it's
very very sad I go after some of the
numbers 25 of those industries Honda
Center for Security Policy very highly
respected this is people living in this
country
25% of those holes agree violence
against Americans is just as much as 25%
51%
and whistles living in this country by
the way I have friends that it was a
great people but they don't have a
problem they know we have a real and we
can't put up with it sucks we can't put
up with it
51% highly-respected no groups want to
be governed according to Shariah you
know it sure is so
I wrote this at the nation watched
serenity a constitution the mainstream
media these people they are so to say
so this one from NBC reporter from NBC
and actually another one I think from
CBS they actually in columbus ohio has a
tremendous traffic 2000 people it was a
love fest in one on for a long time
everybody right to the end right
julianne I had one of the politicians
cases just he's he's a powerful debater
he made a statement that oh they left
after 10 minutes now the press is the
company says it was alive at the end of
the beginning nobody nobody's leaving
here
we asked the press was a total lie and
they don't want to do that because you
know we get the biggest crowds they
don't show this to people outside trying
to get it to show the people here it's a
record in the history of
and yes I guarantee you that young women
to just got taken out after interrupting
us three times I guarantee I guarantee
so we talk about the media and by the
way some of the media's two remaining
70% 75% is absolute absolute remember
this
one of the other day where I finish the
stage and they said oh drop was
interrupted and he left like 45 i den
and should question questions and then I
went around you know everybody amazingly
this a media group that calls the next
to the most beautiful sorry about what
life was from NBC she's there she's back
there
what I live in BC two hundred was a
total lie and they just didn't know that
they actually criticized the media and
they said it was a total and then other
people pick up somebody picks it up
there
rate reported remember
watch the surrender and our
constitutional rights and I don't want
to I want ice is to surrender
a little bit of the country has made
great day to suppose that I like that I
have more we can call the election
tomorrow
coming in on these to go the quiet and
Johnny people are fed up with
incompetent
they are just stupid people where r
president makes a deal to such an
Bergdahl
they knew it was a dreaded just in
general and a colonel went to see his
grip six people killed look into her
parents are television has seen the
parents but I watched some television
deficit they left to try and bring them
back she left you know the old days when
we were struck be
now the other day can you believe they
think he's gonna get away with nothing
is going to happen nothing so we left
untreated in pretty rough though he got
in the way I saw anyway so we get a Mac
and is the day when we get a dirty no
good trainer till they get the greatest
killers that they've been asked her for
six years
fact I here not so they get these top
right now have gone there are trying to
kill everybody in front of them
including you so we get Bergdahl and
they get the killers and that's the way
we doing here and we gave them a hundred
and fifty billion dollars just called
amateur night
we gave them one hundred and fifty
billion dollars 24 days 24 days we think
there's something wrong
24 days we have to wait but it's much
longer because as a whole process before
the clock start but the best when they
have the right to self you doing
tomorrow we don't negotiations always
happen and somebody would say that's
profiling trust she agreed to go she is
so hot
and I don't blame for losing cause a lot
of things were happening I was a tough
one but I shoulda one when he sort of
went away on vacation or something and I
said to myself
recent box just came out as being
hillary very easily 11
we watch this and it's impossible to
watch this gross incompetence that I
watched last week without us a little
while and these people going crazy
sorry this is calling for a pretty 25%
remember this calling for a total and
complete shutdown
Muslims and drink the United States
figure out why the hell is going off
we have no insurance according to
research among others
there is a great for americans by the
large sections of the Muslim population
most recently from security policy
released showing 25 percent of those
polled agreed that violence against
Americans to people that I hear people
here
$25 one percent 1% would be unacceptable
was unacceptable 25% of those call
violence against Americans here in the
United States is just as high as global
jihad
not going to happen as low as 50 1
percent of those polled agreed that
Muslims in America should have to Joyce
just being governed according to Shariah
Shariah authorized main tera chehra
authorize such as believers who won't be
heading and more unthinkable acts that
pose two Americans / ass Ashley
and we have a president who wanted to
mention the term and you talk about
numbers like this without looking at the
various polling down it's obvious to
anybody that hatred is beyond
comprehension
where they come from and why this could
get worse and worse the World Trade
Center's gonna go where we can be
politically correct we can be stupid but
it's worse until we're able to determine
an unjust and EJ
credit losses our country cannot be
horrendous attacks by the police only is
he didn't want to have no reason for
respect for human life they have no
respect for human life
he sounds like he's very exhausting
so so we have to decide
we can be weak
effect
be very gentle very gentle this a try
be very nice so try to pass by the way
if some people in those places where we
have done
the second amendment we have to preserve
it and cherish it and we can't let these
weak leaders if they had guns in Paris
five people in that room
Paris and France has probably the
toughest gun laws anywhere in the world
looks like target practice but people
are sitting and many others are gonna be
dying is sitting in a hospital in many
cases waiting to die now same thing a
few days no guns we didn't have the bad
guys and these people and I just the
press you gotta stop calling a
mastermind season
member the guy in the mastermind human
some of them
disgusted me and we have just watching
the internet and they want to be missed
and then you wonder why do we lose all
these kids they go over there and we
have our anchors I think I can almost
hear it too much but they say the young
man and parasite called him the guy with
the jury's still he had to sign guy puts
people in this message being so the
press has to be responsible people
because of the internet and we have to
do something we have to go see a lot of
different people that really understand
what happened to talk maybe in certain
areas closing that Internet up in some
way we have a lot of real estate we have
a lot of Jewish people we've got a maybe
do so because they are recruiting by the
thousands
and when they come back which is where
are you I was fighting for us when they
leave our country and they go to fight I
just any of the other groups they never
come back they never came
and now they become radicalized now
about the lemon juice Pakistan then she
wins she comes in and engaged and she
let the guy I couldn't get a woman he's
ever had in awhile but he became
radicalized quickly and then they go on
those days are those things we have to
be tough
yes we have to look at how we have to
respect my ass but yes we have to look
at my house we have no choice we have to
see what's happening it's happening in
there is anger and we have to do we
can't be these people that is sitting
back like in the world trade show only
so many different things we can't be
people that knew what was going on to
excel in california probably so much
done soon I didn't want to tell in the
week we have to be strong when we see
violations and quickly I promise I will
defend you from program
when I started this whole West who knew
it was gonna turn into this it's been an
amazing thing no matter where I go I
went to Dallas 20,000 people and 25,000
people I mean we have mobile alabama
35,000 people every time I come to South
Carolina every time I go to North
Carolina every time I go to New
Hampshire Virginia wherever we had a
tragedy that the only problem we have is
two sides of the room
thousands of people outside trying to
get it usually at double-a go talk to
them for a while
exactly love doing after the first one
but I love in these rooms all the same
unbelievable of in all of these places
Oklahoma 20,000 people standing in a
park one quick now this is an
unbelievable love and this is
unbelievable of the country we want to
see and we believe in the Constitution
more than anything but we can't let
people use and abuse are right we can't
let people they want to kill us they
want to destroy us we can't let it
happen we just can't let it happen and I
have a friend who's a very very
successful and I went to one event with
the 24,000 people and this guy's really
tough guy one of the guys I definitely
used to negotiate with Japan China
believe me you are going to be in good
shape that happens when one of these
characters of these guys by the way
funding
these other guys getting millions and
millions of dollars from people I know
you want to give you a lot of money
which is very sort of like to take money
by doing but came in and I said and he
said I get it
gamblers like you so they give me more
than I was the sierra haired boy I was I
would like to come to mean I give them
all money is being used
senator calls me we'll send you campaign
contribution but you know I'll tell you
something in the end the people the gym
these millions of dollars to these
horrible corrupt passed a corrupt they
totally control push and I won't say
got it what she did promise you
have been nice to me today chris
Christie I mean I don't know he's a
friend of mine but he's not doing well
in the polls materially really hit me
today he hated this and yet he said
anybody from the best but he really
behind the whole thing we have to stop
until we find out what's going on
talked about that experience experience
but that's a statement of an experience
that sound like an extreme pressure and
I said I got him at least once I want to
reach with people everyday realized that
closing up the largest bridge in the
world the biggest in the United States
traffic flown during rush hour people
couldn't get across the 67 house
ambulances fire trucks with them all the
time to people he never said a boss
george washington prince
people who don't like I would say this
less than 1% chance but I doubt they
mentioned they didn't mention one of the
meetings and practice like everyday or
every other day Chris George Washington
Bridge because the mayor of is it ok I
didn't mention nobody but you
9 downgrades of the state property taxes
through an expansion coming out of my
ears ok tremendous taxes down you had
Christine you know so friendly with
President Obama
I actually called let me ask you to vote
for Obama I don't know possibly dead and
I was very disappointed one of the
reasons I was disappointed as he called
Christian had dinner right after the
election if Christie did that to me I
would have never spoken to him so when
he talks about when he talks about lack
of experience I built this incredible
company I would probably be able to make
great company
tremendous cash tremendous asset worth
very little unbelievable cash and
everybody said I took a deep breath to
my life and we came down there has to
have read the famous as many have turned
around to a country that had been
positive
then they said I will these talking
heads most of whom are not even some
people believe then they should love it
when they went to this but they say once
brilliant because he was too but what
happens is they said well that's
basically what you sign your life away I
will never sign because maybe he's not
as rich as everybody things they don't
know and then I didn't he said and if he
does he'll ask for many many delays
you're entitled to 45 days delay is
alleging child head of schedule and what
happened
they couldn't believe it was much much
much better than anybody ever
and the range
envisions a great casual integrate
assassins Doral
tower building big chunk of the Bank of
America building in San Francisco 1296
land or land on the pataki land along
great piece of property and grade right
to the best location and what happens
then they say people who never thought I
was and I told us to the other night it
really hurt my wife said today you know
if you run you don't you
well before because nobody believes you
can before she said the only way you're
going to get a baltimore is nobody even
though they say nobody believes you I
said early numbers are these guys who
have not taken so we go down the St you
know what I did you know what the press
down there looked like he was so I have
never seen anything like the entire a
dream of Trump Towers packed with press
and I just said let's turn it went down
and I talked about lots of things
including illegal immigrations and
illegal immigration was such a big head
I'm not brought it up to me and i dont
okie I just nobody is ever taken heat
rush limbaugh
the most incredible incoming human being
into her and it's it and then he double
down as I was right and now illegal
the killing of change and you have the
killing of Jameel and the killing
recently in california they thought was
sexy Sakura think about 66 your own
banner raised sodomized and killed but
it's a huge trouble and they take up a
lot of other so all of a sudden wow and
that the tolls to undergo a truck almost
like from day one
and the reason is the reason I tell you
certain things and the reason I talked
about you know what I've done and lots
of good things I will nice getting city
couldn't get it built eight years they
were in there for like 20 million dust
they couldn't get it done I went to the
mayor of New York and you don't like it
because you don't want to be shown up at
a cost more than two million I got it
builds more peanuts got a job for months
and we got ice skating in Central Park
very point out in the process and we
haven't been under construction for
anywhere between 20 and 30 years they
couldn't get it done I got it done in a
year is operating at their success and
that's what that's what we need
country building on pennsylvania avenue
an incredible hotel one of the great
Hotels of the World and the old post
office they could I got it in the Obama
administration everybody was getting
everybody wanted one of the most
sought-after projects in the history of
the GSA general services and i got to do
magic in me getting it from the Obama
because the GSA who are really
professionals who want to make sure
number 12 got to build strong financials
and they also wanted a great plan so we
came up with the kids we came up with
this incredible job is under budget and
ahead of schedule it was gonna end up in
seventeen sometime during the year
seventeen now it's going to open up
probably in September of 16 right before
the election
mindset of the great businessmen and
others at Indore see we have trillions
and trillions of dollars ocean leaving
the United States in the old days
somebody when you leave door frankly
South Carolina that lead to your crib
with the taxes are lower deadly for
North Carolina deadly today they leave
this country for other countries so many
of our great companies we have two and a
half trillion dollars for sure at lease
and everybody should come home
the democrats republicans 843 years they
can make a deal because this gridlock
does the leadership in washington we
will make his country so we have
somebody said something to me the other
day and what I really wanted to do
what we want to do what I want to do my
job
work for any of these
any of these that I leave
going around and the things that I see
more than anything else is how far the
people are they don't believe us people
in the back that right with 4 I'm
telling you they don't believe that
people are really sorry what's given me
more than any other single are the
people that the incredible people in
this country we're going to make America
great again and you know her