every night you know last night we were
in Baton Rouge we broke the record held
for many years by Elton John my friend
elton john
12,000 for a five thousand outside
tonight we have my guest much more than
that we have thousands of people outside
russia has happened
niggas the record right there
I just want to thank everybody you know
what is this is a movement this is just
a normal situation and I wish the press
which other state but they don't do that
you know that
people
they never ever do it last night we set
a record and one of the reporters
actually called and apologized because
they refused to write the real number
and actually called it appalling I won't
say who because actually the person is
not a bad person looking to people I
meet you believe this
one of the biggest crowds
people started lining up seven hours ago
see what they don't know is there may be
the best I can see they may be the best
in December Wednesday
way but they don't know maybe the best
location but these people who are going
to be famous
your smile and have a good time
me personally it was up to me now you
waited what 78 hours it was up to me it
was up to me I think I might rather be
there wanna be famous
racism and thank you
and it turned out that the financial
jobs at Bank of America and I putted it
when I talk about it it's a little
embarrassing but it's so good almost a
hundred pages long
ahead of schedule even these politicians
have like one page and their 45 days
later I put it in and said I said you've
got it do it on time on time and under
budget right like the state
and we put it in and they went back to
look at the number this media back this
is crazy
because they wanted very little debt
tremendous cash flow rate company and
I'm not pregnant I'm saying that kind of
thinking our country needs
because we are in serious serious
trouble and you know I say it alot our
country doesn't win anymore and I have
another way of saying I have another way
out we don't use all the time but it
doesn't sound as good
our country doesn't win anymore we don't
win we win with the military I system of
the military
because Harris 22 veterans commit
suicide in one day and you believe who I
think that's possible I said you mean a
week you mean a month a year they can't
get treated they can't get service they
wait for four five six days in a waiting
room can you imagine you go to a doctor
doctors I'm streaming
can you imagine you wait in a waiting
room for four five six days and at the
end of that you don't even get service a
lot of times they leaving that going on
vacation
we're going to take care of our best are
great people willing to take care
she came out last week the cover of time
and incredible story written by somebody
who's a real writer a really talented
person in the media
you don't say that often these this
person and you know it's amazing I never
struck should do better and maybe I
should never speak to these people it
was the best and it talked about this
phenomenon and it really is no matter
where we go this is packed thousands and
thousands of people outside we have
screens set up from outside we have
thousands of people outside you'd rather
be here right
and Virage she was barrages by thousands
of people and they were angry because
she was making it sound like anger is a
bit and angry angry because we're run
incompetently by incompetent people
35,000 people we have crowded schedule
data beyond belief in new hampshire we
were sending every record no matter
where we go we said this is a record
tonight you can see it
because I feel the same
you know a friend of mine is a very
powerful businessmen and used people
like this by the way with Mexico and
China and Japan we have people that a
political acts he said to me how the
hell did you do that you watch the other
night on television we had a place it
was amazing to watch one of the most
successful people he said that's nothing
look at all the cameras back there two
hundred and thirty reporters two hundred
and thirty Press he said how do you do
it I said you know there was such an
issue I swear this is true there is so
much love in the room it's easy
there is nobody else has
between 230 and they go in and the
bullets going in one direction and if a
few people and I say sometimes I look at
the audience that guy right there that
right
that beautiful woman right here but if
we had guns strapped right onto the way
believe me if we had a gun strapped onto
the bullet going in the opposite way too
different story however the military
base a year ago we had five so great gun
free zone right
done job nobody better with guns and
weapons and this man won all the awards
the other foot rachel is wacko shoot
guns of four hundred yards away
gun free zone you know when you say the
sick baby we get rid of my gun free zone
problems because actually we have
$21.21 how much
number one place
and I say
the United States is the largest
purchase drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs
but that doesn't have the right people
so they have the region because without
that and then you have
with the evangelicals in the United
find out you know yesterday we always
talk about china and the president of
china our trading partner a wonderful
partner they take if they can't be the F
35 play the fighter right you know about
that did you hear about that you can't
tell the difference you look at it the
company plans and they did I guarantee
you write down the most complicated
mathematical solutions all done
hundred-percent stolen off our web and
day and that's right hilary
but every time I go after what I don't
understand when you see the night and
then how could you do that how many
why what is going on and why and then
you look at the bottom you can possibly
do that i mean that's like 24 hours a
day
who can do that many 22,000 that's like
one little match so I don't know hilary
is gonna get a chance to win by the way
I'm beating her in the polls
I'd love to run against wright also love
to run against the communists I never
thought
today in our country when you think
about it when a communist
the real numbers come out she's really I
watched them I say you mean we have this
great country we have this so i watch i
watch this great country and if that the
best we can do that's pretty sad when
you think of it
so we love
so I would around hundreds of acres
right in the middle of miami right near
the airport we had a big Darrell
tournament championship and it's great
nobody else has
jobs with dead with related and a lot of
places in my life going to know about it
a lot of money I love this state I love
this day but but I've created tremendous
numbers of jobs down so drought market
was bad that's when you like to buy
right when the markets bit so I go in
and we signed a contract everybody
wanted everybody we go ahead and I
signed a consistent way the country
should help i'm saying because this is
the way the country should be run so I
go in and was very competitive everybody
wanted to but I was the first one they
had to sell it as a lot of problems and
I bought it and I signed contract I
signed contract for a hundred and
seventy million dollars for 170 which is
very cheap but it had to be redone you
know in the meantime you see what we did
I spent a lot of money minute incredible
the best so and a lot of people who work
in a lot of good people a lot of
Hispanics are working there
and by the way by the way by the way
today I just settled with Univision
but a lot of this work for me I've been
through a house in 2000 and a lot and we
have a lot but the route so I signed
contract 472 right now I go in for a run
into an interview with now I'll do it
ready to sign a contract and then I say
no this just remember what we have to do
with China Mexico where everyone's
moving it to Mexico I just heard carrier
Air conditioners moving in the business
is moving in
United everybody by the way how quiet
house you know he's my friend but he's
really a pain to keep quiet quiet quiet
he's not a protester but Mancini
so they're all moving into mexico y by
drought 170 we haven't closed yet and I
said to my daughter Ivanka has anybody
heard of it
and I go through it was gonna make it
but it's really bad so I go back and I
need all these guys from the Wharton
School from Harvard and i said im not
gonna pay 170 I'm not doing too much
money if I didn't promise that I
wouldn't use bad language I would have
used much stronger like it would have
been more interesting than the places in
lousy condition I don't like it I'm not
pay tribute to frighten me they said no
way I'll give you a hundred they said no
way
hundred should know what to watch for me
it's fun it's again for John Kerry its
work its labors
is that the saddest
but for me it's just a fun whether I
paid for a good price you got at the
right time so I said if we go in we meet
these geniuses I say you got to cut the
price it's not what you told us I did it
it's fiction it's a terrible terrible
shape you got it the way they should
know what will make somebody else to
break it they should in no way no way
we're gonna do it within about three
minutes haitian how much would you take
I said I'll give you a hundred and ten
they should we can do that we can get
away after about four minutes we agreed
to take twenty million off I paid 200
for four minutes work as a twenty
million dollars
right now we have now you take $100
dollars and it took forever
two days later I'm elected president
they would have been out
we don't mean for us for our people
getting those hostages back to say no
when you leave within a couple of days
Palace hundred and fifty what does
hostages landed about two seconds later
tell us how you doing a hundred and
fifty billion sorry we don't have the
money we owe 19
we don't have the money
let's go two hundred and by the way this
is in like maybe a hundred percent 100%
but we have people that don't know what
they're doing like John Curry our
secretary of state
we have
that don't know what the Persians a
great negotiators ok negotiated you look
at what they did he never once we did
every single point we have a 24 day
inspection they have with a self-respect
can you imagine a nuclear deal and we
don't know what we call up with a
complaint and they said will call you
back tomorrow we will inspect the area
they call you back tomorrow and they say
the president everything's fine now you
know the supreme leader we won't use the
term supreme leader ok he says we've
just spoken to the supreme leader
probably because they want to kill you
China two thousand years ago they didn't
have caterpillar tractor by the way
13,000 miles it's a massive wall it does
work you know the world's work asked
israel's walls were believe how about
Europe some of the countries in Europe
that weren't suckers to what happened
with the migration like Merkel of
Germany when she did to Germany and they
want to build walls around their own
countries down because much going on in
Europe nobody knows where these people
from and we all have a big heart I have
a big heart you bill to allow millions
of people to fill because their leaders
are stupid leaders and you have to see
the crime in Germany now the crime in
Sweden so what happened with the
beginning to rebound
doesn't have the people
the press
illegal immigration and nobody from the
media by the way but they have to leave
he said
the president
not gonna happen
we're going down fast
trash
and it's not gonna happen in the world
and we have some
three years we can't do it any longer
well we're not gonna be the stupid
people anymore something happening
we have we have you don't really mean
we're gonna build a wall to do
absolutely 100%
build a wall gonna be real wall
right now we have loved you say they
build ramps I don't know what they just
don't not go over the wall that bill
ramps over the wall up and it probably
is a severe penalty for not getting
they've been no we don't give severe
penalties right now
a severe penalty you know we have great
Border Patrol I was in laredo texas and
I was asked I was the guest of the
border patrol they called and they said
would love to see you
great people and they want to protect
and they can do it but they're told to
stand back let people come through it is
so are within Obama signs executive
order let everyone we've lost control if
we don't have a broader we don't have a
country folks have a country so these
guys nice guys some of them and they
said he was gonna build it would simply
you know fifteen years ago they wanted
to build a wall they could build it
because they couldn't get the
environmental impact statement approved
can you believe
they have they have also want two things
they couldn't get it environment can you
believe this I've been saying the oil
right over I've been saying for years
and now finally it took Paris and who is
the first one to bomb the French can you
believe that won the French the French
but I've been saying for years and what
happens they don't do it one of the
reasons because the environment through
can you believe why do you think General
George Patton would general douglas
macarthur are great modern day general
what do you think they would tell you
right now
yeah I'm the only one I said don't go
into Iraq I'm the most militaristic
person in this room except for that guy
right day probably be on the
militaristic person in this room
believe me we're going to build on
military so big so we are going to be
nobody's gonna play with us nobody's
gonna miss
best-equipped I think I make it a
struggle would never gonna have to use
it I actually think we can do it but
right I think it's the cheapest thing we
can do
we have to check what he said at least
four like many years but I actually
think he's a are prepared and this is
what we need with all these maniacs
coming in when we want to take people
from the migration line we have no idea
who that we have absolutely no idea they
have no paperwork there is absolutely no
way we can never tell and I'll tell you
folks would not take it on and if we do
take him from somebody else was sending
back that we have no choice we have
and we have to
like they used to be done and the people
of our country they're incredible people
and they really love the country
and 100%
how could you get them because the cost
of the law is peanuts I haven't even
figured out the cost the cost of the law
is peanuts absolute peanuts compared to
the kind of money that mexico is making
off the United States and that's not
including all of the drugs that are
flowing right
that's not a
so these guys will never ever asked out
if you talk about that Mexico has
lobbyists believe it or not everybody
has a lobbyist every person that deals
with the united states have lobbyists
and special interest so when they come
to me they should lift layoff Mexico
little bit you know they can't do that
because nobody gave me money and I
wouldn't do it and I'm working for one
group of people and that's this group of
people
the head of his finance committee is a
friend of mine is putting Johnson he's
from Johnson and Johnson Woody Johnson
Johnson and Johnson has a hard time with
the jet Johnson is a good guy he's the
head of his finest so then you wonder
why is it that the politicians don't put
out drugs to competitive bidding and
then he wouldn't Johnson died when he
was governor we have what kind of cities
do we haven't welcome is right we have
sanctuary cities in Florida while he was
right after he left Florida went down I
would see a Florida went to hell and
this is what we have but in doing so
when you have what do you know you have
other woody Johnson's feeding other
people in other industries taking care
of all these people so when they go up
and then they say 200
some twenty-five years but i dont wanna
we need the cover of Time magazine
that story was something special now
we've all wasted a lot of time we've
always had a lot of energy in my case
i've wasted a lot of money if this
doesn't happen I don't care about the
money but the energy is incredible I
think we have a really good chance you
know when we won new hampshire
when we won new hampshire there were
questions like talked about the Muslim
we have a tremendous problem and I said
we have to study it we have to see that
has to be a bit nobody's gonna say that
we have problems folks we have a problem
we gotta find out radical Islamic
terrorism we have a president won't even
use the term you can't solve a problem
if you're afraid of it you can't solve a
problem if you're not even mentioned
we're gonna make our country so strong
gonna win again and again we're gonna
win but he's like have to do you have to
go out and vote for wasting our time the
movie
so I wanted you people I've been all
over and what I said to my friend is
true I love you people get out and we're
gonna make America great again we're
gonna win we're gonna bring our country
back and we're all gonna be proud once
again
thank you