PC board member Abby friedman good
afternoon and welcome to the RJC
presidential presidential candidates for
him my name is Abby Friedman and I'm a
national board member of the RJC from
Las Vegas Nevada as you know your dishes
a great language it expresses feeling
and character to Yiddish words that
don't often appear in the same sins
nevertheless seemed to capture the
unique nature of the leading candidate
for the republican presidential
nomination donald Trump is a mensch with
foot spa I'm at donald Trump thirty
years ago through my work as an attorney
in the Atlantic City gaming industry so
I know that while Hotspur gets the
headlines he is also a mention at heart
I saw this personally when three key
senior executives of Trump's gaming
companies tragically died in a
helicopter crash in 1989 donald Trump
stood with a completely devastated
community with extraordinary compassion
generosity and bold character behind the
headlines earning the title of mensch as
for huts both really
donald trump candidacy is built on
Hotspur on a fearless ability and
tenacity to tell it like he sees it even
if some people don't want to hear it
especially when people don't want to
hear it among the presidential
republican candidate Donald Trump may
also be the most closely connected to
the Jewish people
his daughter and his two grandchildren
are jewish I guess theoretically it
makes him he is also a vocal supporter
of Israel and its great leader
by minister
though he has raised his voice often and
loudly in support of Israel safety and
security for that we are extremely
grateful donald Trump says it has to be
said to whomever needs to hear it right
now
America needs to hear it because
america's in trouble and it's going to
take a whole lot of foot spa to make it
great again and so it is my honor to
introduce the front runter frontrunner
for the republican presidential
nomination a captain of industry
investor author public personality and
candid
of the United States amends with a lot
of ladies and gentlemen Donald Trump
you just like me because my daughter
happens to be Jewish right she has a
great husband Jared and I'll tell you if
I could not be happier and she's very
proud the only bad news I can't get her
on Saturday I call and call I can't I
can't speak to my daughter anymore and
Saturday so but that's okay it's an
honor to be with you and you have
devoted so much time of my life to
israel and the other politicians they
can talk but believe me they haven't
done what I've done I've received many
many awards I was the grand marshal was
the grand marshal of the Israeli Day
Parade at a very dangerous time when
people said don't do it don't do it I
walked up fifth avenue i'm looking up
for lots of trouble but I said no way
that I'm not going to do it and it was a
rough time as you know is 2004 and it
was a tremendously successful bread
maybe the most successful parade that
they ever had a different position than
the other candidates because I'm the one
candidate I don't want any of your money
I want to support but I don't want your
money I'm self funding my campaign it's
been an amazing experience for me
because I have very little money
invested so frightened by this time but
have about thirty million dollars in ads
and have done all I took a small radio
commercial the other day and Iowa but I
we have virtually no money invested in
EADS or advertising and I think you as
business people will feel pretty good
about this and respected and at first I
was embarrassed by the said well you
know I think we're gonna have to spend
money just to spend money but it's not
really like a good thing to do because I
am interest place by a lot not even
close every single poll every single
state the numbers just came in three
minutes ago in new hampshire the pee pee
people trumpet 27 the next one is 1310
985 and the rest are off the board they
have to drop out pretty soon I get most
important favorability now I still like
them the top number most but
favorability is now 5239 which is good
good and I beat Hillary in the Fox
polish you see very easily 46 241 that's
ultimately the most important and you
know i've been a tremendous fan and i've
been a tremendous contributor I've given
a lot of money recently to hide Saleh
$100,000 emergency response they do a
fantastic they do a fantastic job and my
father fred was always a big supporter
so I i grew up in that environment where
I grew up in Brooklyn Queens and Israel
was always very paramount in our mind in
fact I've been sometimes criticized as I
receive so many awards from Jewish
groups and they look at my wall to load
it up and but now the Christians are
catching up I have to tell you why
Christians alike in me a lot lately and
they've been great so Obama is the worst
thing that's ever happened to israel and
and when I see great friends of mine who
are very very pro-israel very i mean
they love it with passion and having
fundraiser so what are you doing and
it's almost like they don't know he
comes to we don't know I say is a
disaster I really believe the RND look
I'm gonna go she liked you folks would
negotiate is we don't build gas stations
in the middle of as you know Afghanistan
443 million in legend is a small gas
station 43 million dollars and then they
used the wrong kind of terminal because
they don't sell that type of gas ok 43
million bucks for gas station how many
think they could have done it for less
would you raise your hands place but I
look at Obama I look at that deal we
gave to a red hundred and fifty billion
dollars they don't need to develop
nuclear weapons taken by him they can
buy amidst room why do they have to
develop them they can buy a Wii game
hundred
fifty billion dollars they go out and in
terms of you know surveillance they have
the right to self and spec tell about
that on the major the most dangerous
they can self inspect
themself inspect and then you have of
course 224 days but the 24 days world
good with contracts don't start until
such-and-such happens it could be
forever before you have a go in to
inspect and we don't even get up
and now they want to start a negotiation
to get the prisoners back and they won
nineteen people for our three they don't
want to give us up for you know a four
but they only want to talk three now
that should have been negotiated right
at the beginning three years ago and
maybe better than anyone in some of the
people in this room understand what I'm
saying it should have been you walk in
by the way did you ever see a
negotiation take so long and we conceded
on every single anything we didn't win
anything but that should have been with
our prisoners
day one whatever it is years ago we have
to get our prisoners back you don't want
them we need him it'll make us look
better
those everybody's gonna like us more
with the american public any deal we
strike it's gonna look good and we have
to get our prisoners back day one they
gonna say no we're not giving and we're
gonna say bye bye bye callers when
you're ready and then we go out and
double up a triple up to sanctions I
guarantee you within 48 hours they're
calling begging us to come back to the
table and you have your prisons it's so
easy now that president you saw that and
John Kerry who is probably the worst
negotiator I've ever seen
have ever seen he did not read the art
of the deal folks I can tell you now
he's one of the few as one of the
biggest-selling of all time the business
because he didn't read it and Obama
definitely dinero Bhama but they said
this is hard to believe but this is what
they say lot of press back there so I
have to say everything exactly correct
because I don't they end up with it they
said we didn't want to complicate the
negotiations by asking for the presence
is really complicated we want to present
his back
so complicated they said they didn't
want to go so now we're gonna end up
making a new deal probably at some point
I can you this I just tell you this i
win
before I take office I guarantee those
prisoners gonna be back they gonna be
back to get it back now our president
doesn't want to use the term we had
another event which probably was the one
yesterday probably was related it always
happens but probably was when I heard
about it I think it maybe not but it
turns out probably was related radical
Islamic terrorism and I'll tell you what
we have a president that refuses to use
the term he refuses to say it there's
something going on with him that we
don't know about
as concerned with what he wants she
shouldn't be allowed to run what she did
is criminal with the emails she
shouldn't be allowed she's going to have
to follow his line because she's on a
threat in real life
his attorney general has us' attorney
his attorney general to his attorney
general can listen to him in my opinion
I think it's very dishonest what's going
on with our government General Petraeus
was given a life changing sentence other
people have been sent to jail
Petraeus was essentially look we don't
want to get into it with the pool guy
but he won't say nothing compared to
what she did for nothing
45 percent of what she did and Obama I
mean she can't go against him that he
had ever so when you see hillary backing
up virtually everything he says and he's
got control of her I mean it's just
total control but I'll tell you what she
shouldn't be allowed to run what she did
was a criminal act and remember this is
a six you have a six-year statute of
limitations so she's fighting for life
if she doesn't go to become president
you could have a real problem doesn't
make any sense does that make sense
anymore because what she did was just OK
and you know she's been involved in
corruption her own life whether it's
whitewater I meet her home life is
corruption she was a horrible she was a
horrible Secretary of State she did a
horrible job other than travel a lot
traveled a lot nothing ever got that the
whole the world blew up around her
it blew up 500 to 600 calls and emails
and everything from our ambassador
asking for help and she didn't respond
the truth is she doesn't have the
strength of the energy she responded to
a friends used you know the friends were
talking about some of those trends are
sort of an interesting
sort of an interesting trend going on
there but she responded you get them
but she responded to a friend but she
doesn't respond she doesn't respond to
an ambassador did says can help hundreds
hundreds of requests and she doesn't
remember this I go every night and I
mean yesterday I was in manassas
virginia an unbelievable crowd the other
day I was in Florida we had twelve
thousand people in Sarasota at twelve
o'clock in the afternoon with the
football games going on
12,000 people the Convention Center held
five thousand so we had thousands
outside I made a speech outside made two
speeches avenue to give me a larger
Convention Center 2nd 21 speech by
people said no that's the biggest one we
set a record a big record we set a
record everywhere in one of the centers
we beat the record of Elton John Sir
Elton John I'm I'm no longer competing
with politicians I'm competing with
musical talent one of the great musician
said you get the largest crowds of any
single human being on earth without a
guitar meaning who doesn't count on
music so it's true we've had we've had
tremendous response we've had incredible
response and I think you know if you
look at what's going on and I think
based on the response based on the polls
again I don't want your money therefore
you're probably not going to support me
good stupidly you want to give money
money even though he's better than all
these guys even though he's gonna do
more for israel than anybody else even
though bibi netanyahu asked me to do a
commercial for me I did anyone happy
about that
and they said I was only celebrity I
don't know this but they said I'm the
only celeb that are not not a celebrity
now politician I'm so embarrassed by
that term you know my whole life I've
been a businessman up in a developer I
been somebody I've employed tens of
thousands of people over my lifetime I
have unbelievable statements an
unbelievable company a lot of people
said he'll never filed this you'll never
run because he'll never won a file
various papers and then he'll never
filed this and then you have to sign
your life away the first paper we all
know that first paper you sign your life
when he did it then they say well he'll
never sign his financials because who
knows maybe is not as rich as people
think I found my financials almost a
hundred pages the biggest ever filed by
the federal elections and it is much
bigger much stronger look at these
numbers and what they don't know if I
didn't run I probably would have filed
anyway because you know I built a great
company and I like to brag about it
whenever possible true some of the
greatest assets Doral you know Doral and
and Turnberry in Scotland and Trump
Tower at many buildings in manhattan
just many build Bank of America building
in San Francisco with a great partner
and so many other buildings and things
and it's just so much bigger and so and
the reason I bring that up his cause
that's the kind of thinking we need and
I don't bring it up his braggadocio
because that's the kind of thinking we
need in this country to bring us back we
have people that don't know the first
thing about the word negotiation i can't
take anybody in this office
believed me and they're better than
Obama and they're better than carry and
they're better than 22 foolish people
people it's so embarrassing when you see
what happens
sergeant Bergdahl alright sergeant Brett
till we get a trader
they get five of the greatest killers
that they've wanted for nine years you
know the deal was 541 and they knew he
was a traitor before we made the deal
you know about sergeant he just said it
six people were killed trying to get
them back they were looking for a
general and a colonel
deserted he was a traitor and we still
made the deal so we get a trader we can
get back to you want to renegotiate some
of us renegotiate yes I would say about
99.9 is there anybody that doesn't
renegotiate deals in this room this room
negotiator I want to read this perhaps
more than any room I've ever spoken to
maybe more so far been called in there
but the fact is I want to renegotiate
that deal I want to drop him right smack
in the middle of worry came from the
hell were they can happen even if we
don't get the five guys back to that's
not gonna happen cuz you know where they
are right now there right now all in the
battlefield fighting US and trying to
kill us and killing anybody that gets
him so they get their five guys that
they wanted for nine years they've won
and we get a dirty rotten trader but
that's the way our way up people
negotiate this stupid people
ok this stupid it's very severe it's
very scared so I just tell you that I'm
going to win
yeah I've been unless something happens
you know
across the street the wrong thing
happens but I think whatever great
secret service here is nice when your
number one they give you a secret
service I never saw so many talented
people great people but I believe I'm
going to win I really great feeling
about it and you know my life has been
about winning have one in my life has
been about winning and that's what I
want to do for the country and people
say about my company in deals and you
can do this deal that had no interest
the other day if she's doing so great
dad we can buy this wonderful office
building
it's amazing see now I'm dealing in
trillions I never heard a trillions
before you know with this we r 19
trillion dollars we just signed a budget
that so bad and the republicans you know
what we know that we know if the
democrats are coming from but these
republican politicians they go to
Washington and didn't and Obamacare
which I'm doing by the way I'm ending up
terminating its gonna be repealed and
replaced with something much better but
they go to washington and they gonna do
and they're gonna do budgets like I
heard the guy before Melvin work on the
budget is all about that what happened
is they gotta do budget agreement to do
this and that and I tell the story then
they will contain the Capitol building
which is magnificent and they look up
look at those columns look at the
ceiling look at the Angels look at these
magnificent never seen anything like it
we've arrived credible and then they
become inch they lose all of their
courage I want to use a nice words
otherwise I get reported wrestling they
lose they lose all of their courage and
they've let us down that won't happen
with me so again you're not gonna
support me even though you know I'm the
best thing that could ever happen to
israel and I i I'll be there at the rear
don't want your money
I want to give money I think I have a
damn good judge and I think I get more
money than anybody else you know the
money I have turned down this is not in
my life turning down money guys wanna
give me made against I would have made
poor Jeb Bush me this poor guy with his
low energy it's sad but what's it came
up with a terrible became so defining
its like having it on his forehead I am
lower 90 is 625 million dollars which
means she's control totally totally
control by the people the game the month
that's why you don't want to give me
money ok but that's ok you want to
control your own politician that's fine
good but I will think about that folks
that don't worry about five months ago I
was with you
who is better than me who is better than
me I gave $350,000 to the Republican
Governors Association everything got a
letter of thank you
350,000 I didn't receive one letter not
one letter from one governor stupid the
good thing is I don't give anyone
anymore you don't get a thank you letter
politicians remember this politicians
forget politicians generally aren't
competent and the one thing they are
good at is getting elected and that's
what you gonna do but I would love you
support but I don't want your money and
I appreciated now let's take some
questions ok
a little bit different than how you
gonna work out into your speech the
hotel you are building right next door
to this property ladder I'm I did you
disappointed you cost me $10 I'm
building a tremendous actually give me
actually but I'm gonna go there right
after this I have to go through you know
you have to watch to make sure the
contractors aren't stealing and ripping
you off and everything else so but just
show you how important this fall is and
how important the country is the man how
important it is to me I don't mention my
projects very important to me anymore
what's really important to me is the
united states and make any great again
my theme is make America great again I
mean it's taken off like crazy the
hottest it's going crazy but it happens
to be a great you know some of these
guys tried to copy it but I had a
trademark smart couple of them got up
now they see why I was making a speech
and everybody stood up make America
great again this study can be but nobody
stood up for them but we sent him a
little notice don't use it can you
imagine I got the approval but I we are
we're building a great hotel down the
road I hope you all say and it's going
to be wonderful come out let's go
yesterday you gave some interviews he
made a speech in manassas talking about
an upcoming trip to you gonna make this
right he also talked about how you
wanted to raise some questions regarding
when talking about the
israeli-palestinian issue you raised
questions about Israel's commitment to
peace my love for you to do you say to
have to make some tough sacrifices so to
that group to this group here those
tough sacrifices that mean return to the
67 borders dividing jerusalem exactly so
I was interviewed yesterday by a whole
group of reporters have maybe and if
they did a very good job fairs and one
of the questions was about Israel
and the palestinians what what's going
to happen I said I use that as an
example of some deals that it may be the
hardest ever in history to make of any
gift until we think of any type we all
have to feel you know we have some good
results and how we use damn good man
good man very nice AsiaSat everybody in
this audience but but I said people
gonna have to make sacrifices one with
my belief I believe that I can put both
sides together but I said it'll take six
months at the end of six months and
maybe sooner you know we have a deal
instinct a lot of us and you walk into a
room you can tell almost like in two
seconds whether or not whether or not I
will know very quickly whether or not
I'll be able to put a deal together I
used that in this interview as an
example of perhaps the hardest deal in
history to put together the strongly no
tougher deal if I can do that it would
make me so happy because there's so much
violence so much debt so much and just
been going on for so many years now I
said you have to have a commitment I
don't know that israel has the
commitment to make it and I don't know
that the other side is the commitment to
make it with that being said you know
have a good chance of winning because
you look at what's going on and to have
a good chance I don't like to as a deal
maker give away a lot of cards by
talking about how I feel about this is
that I'd rather save it for that moment
when you walk into the room I don't want
one side or the other saying look I
think people know where I stand
ok but it wouldn't it be great if they
could make it but a lasting till a real
deal not a phony deal that's going to
last a week and then bad things are
happening again I'd love to and I will
give you know about his as you know he
said it won't happen during weight
meaning he gave up in this before even
started but I think it would be a great
thing for israel I think it would be a
great thing actually for both sides if a
real deal could be made and I'm gonna
give it my best I'm a great deal maker
that's what I do I made a lot of money
I'm gonna give it my best
it would be great if that deal could be
made let me go one point US President
Bush wrote a letter to Prime Minister
Sharon in which he basically said you s
position wasn't gonna be two forces will
back to 67 borders
the Obama administration has given a lot
and a lot of people don't know that I
think the public relations for is your
hasn't been so great
israel's given a lot but hasn't been
given a lot of credit for what they give
I don't know if you agree with
unthinkable and lot of turmoil caused it
but I'd like to go in with a clean slate
and just say let's go everybody's even
we love everybody can do something but I
do think this and I do think right from
the beginning and that one of the
reasons I'm saying it now even though
perhaps it comes back to haunt me later
on it has to be said that Israel has
given I don't know whether or not they
want to go that final step up to them
but israel has not been given the credit
they deserve what they've done I was
really trying to pin you down on
jerusalem is the undivided capital
position you support you know what I
want to do I want to wait till I meet
with BB and I'm leaving for israel in a
very short period of time I know I know
what you saying I just wanted to just
you're not gonna be on Tuesday wiseguy
than we have ever just relax ok Jung you
like me very much believe me ok then you
wonder why you get yourself in trouble
alright you like me very much it's gonna
be fine but again you can't go in with
that if you can make a deal and you can
make a great deal with the attitude we
gonna shove it that you gotta go get it
and do it and do it nicely everyone's
happy very happy
ok don't worry about
obviously you know you've been an
outspoken defender Prime Minister
Netanyahu said you made a TV commercial
a very good man I think he's been
treated very badly I think that our
president has been unbelievably rude to
BB I don't know how many people like me
but I think he's talked about deals
after the fact which is a shame I think
the iran deal is the worst single thing
perhaps has been I've been pretty good
at predicting things I think it's gonna
go down as the worst single thing that's
ever happened to Israel I think it's a
catastrophe for it and I think the fact
that Obama was willing to make that deal
anybody that loves Israel to support
this guy or even the Democratic Party is
is impossible to believe I think there
will be one of the great catastrophe but
if I get in it's gonna be straighten out
tough and it's gonna be straighten out
fast the one bad thing is if I get in
the one hundred and fifty billion that
hurts me and that hurts the people in
this room but the hundred and fifty
billion dollars because it'll be gone
before you get there you know we're
talking about a year and more actually
although the election very quick you
know it's coming up it's now less than a
year and you know we have the the Iowa
starts on February 1st right down the
line and it's very exciting we're
talking about a couple of months now for
it to start to actually very fair person
like me and it's very exciting so the
other guys have a great relationship
with prime minister netanyahu which the
other arab leaders use or know where can
you see yourself working with you think
you have a positive working relationship
I haven't been working too much with the
arab leaders to be honest ok I made
commercials BB I don't know if that's
going to help me in the negotiation I
can tell you
trying to keep it nice and level right
then I get people screaming at me but
I'm trying to keep it is level as
possible but for the most part don't
know the king of jordan is it seems like
a nice man I don't know a lot of people
like him some people don't but I think I
will probably be able to what my history
is you know I took some heat because I
get along with democrats I get along
with liberals I get along with
conservatives I get along with
republicans argue that's what I was a
business person I get along with
everybody we have to get along with
everybody and I took it wouldn't be easy
to get along with everybody democrats
republicans on even run people for the
most part and if they do they're gonna
get you know they're 5% to get a very
small percentage of the vote can get
along with everybody I think that's
going to be a tremendous asset because
right now we have gridlock in Washington
we have people that they don't talk you
know I remember years ago cause I have
been a very political person always on
the other side but always great
political but years ago the republicans
and the democrats like each other they
get along that have dinner together
disagree and what have you know
different views on things but in the
evening that go out and have dinner
together with their families
you don't see that there's total hatred
and his total gridlock I'll give you one
point which i think is important
corporate inversions right she had
companies leaving the United States and
they'll even better taxes and better a
lot of things but they leaving how good
as Pfizer thousands and thousands of
jobs are gonna be lost but they're also
leaving because we have two and a half
trillion dollars at least I think it's a
much higher number than two and a half
trillion dollars that's out of the
country that these companies can't get
back because of bureaucracy and horrible
horrible agreements but because the
taxes are too hot there so onerous that
nobody in this room would agree to pay
that much money to get your money up so
they leave it over there and actually
take the company and they move the
company to the money because that's how
much money the republicans and the
democrats
totally agree that the money should come
back for three years they can get a deal
there's no leadership this is an example
of something which everybody agrees
all the people that you see up here they
all agree but they can't get it done
because their politicians they're all
talk and no action so there's something
undersold port it's not like something
with a don't get angry like his big
disputes and we understand that this is
something everybody agrees the money
should pour into this country and we
should use that money and all things
taxes paid but they agree and they can't
get it done because of gridlock and
incompetent leadership
hillary clinton's your friend of Israel
you know honestly I don't think anybody
can say she says but now she says all of
a sudden you thought because she's going
very very far over to the other side i
mean Bernie Sanders has brought her two
positions that she didn't want to be it
you look at some of the things she
saying right now but I'll tell you
whether she isn't she doesn't have the
strength of the energy tail and I said
it but just take a look should come out
into an event that you don't see another
four days three days
true we don't need doesn't have his
usual needs more than just a support
they need strength they need real power
behind as you know you look at these
countries all over there is just one
thing and I think you'll all admitted
these people are fighting really dirty
but they fight a lot better than we used
to think right we still think it was
easy
fifteen years ago with my friends from
israel has used to smiling
fighters and in that they're not the GV
hey Obama said that the jayvee tonight
the jayvee folks we need tough we need
General George Patton we need general
macarthur we don't need two guys we have
I seen on television generous saying
well I she's very tough I don't know I
don't need to do you think General
George Patton they don't like him
because he was a foul mouth vicious
horrible brilliant guy so he would never
make it probably would have been thrown
out years ago but we need we need a
genius and we have those people we have
those people will find that person but
with enough the crap out of them I'll
tell you what within a win with a win at
a time but last question frank and water
as you see it the greatest challenges
facing the United States Russia China
radical Islam I think radicalism right
now is actually about to go again we
have a president refuses to use the term
but radical Islam is a tell you one
thing I know isn't is global warming
that's the one thing that's one thing I
know is I mean we have a guy that just
the other day said that they want to
blow up with this is right after Paris
they want to blow our cities they wanted
to destroy our civilization and he's
worried about global warming which a lot
of people think is a hoax by the way I
won so many environmental awards
shockingly know it's true
and you know I do what I want really
immaculate air I want clean crystal
water I want a lot of things a lot of
things but global warming you noticed a
change in a global warming climate
change they go now it sort of I like a
lot of extreme weather how can you miss
with extreme weather it's cold it's ok
if it's hot it's ok if it's windy inside
of you have to everything so now they
use extreme weather it is a disgrace
what's going on and to have this man
embarrass us by standing up and saying
that global warming is our biggest
threat we got to get him out so fast and
thank goodness we only have a year left
my time and thank you thank you thank
you thank you thank you
thank you everybody thank you thank you
so much