thank you very much
going now everybody wants to bring it
back it's the same everybody loves each
other I'll tell you we left so many
places and we go we go to new hampshire
we go iowa go south carolina we go to
virginia we go no matter where we go
Dallas no matter where we go it's the
same thing is so much love in the room
it's easy to do this it really is it
easy to do
it's amazing I want to thank Herman Cain
my friend for his wonderful remarks he's
really a good guy
999 right now
999 wherever it is thank you I mean and
you know we had a meeting today that was
amazing we had the african-american
pastors so many came up to trump tower
it was like one of the most inspiring
meetings it was an unbelievable the love
they have for the people that they
represent and people generally was
incredible and I just want to tell you
they left Trump Tower identify mediately
got on the plane and i felt very
inspired it was a really terrific day
show and bruises here where expressed
without wearing a brace bridge get over
here bruce you know bridge so you know
Bruce Bruce
Bruce
all right now get them out if you never
know when you ride with this guy I was
in New York and I went up there guys on
a serious note to just defend a lot of
things that you've been seeing in the
news that we're totally false
donald Trump is not a racist guys
probably never met him I met him several
times actually wrote back on his plane
got to help plan the plane with my
beautiful wife Sharon over here and we
had a big meeting up at the Trump
headquarters and we had over hundreds of
pastors that showed up that look like me
and leaders across the country to
denounce this rumor this accusation
against this fine man it's all
guys when I want the first thing when I
walked up to his office I looked around
and it was so culturally diverse it was
amazing
most of the women were in charge they
have the higher positions in his
organization does John know that on a
serious note I won't talk because it's
about Donald Trump I just wanna let you
know that you know I am wholeheartedly
thankful to be a part of this campaign
and helped him and I hope you guys help
him I know there's a lot of
establishment guys I was part of the
establishment nice to be a chairman and
when a GOP chair so we all know me but
I'm here to tell you it's not about
anything else except you guys the people
and I just want to let you know that
donald Trump is here for everyone hears
every voice and he's our guy
we met with many many pastors and it was
just great so as you can see the people
are still pouring out now we could we
could get all of these people coming in
right now if you'd like to wait for 45
minutes before we saw you want to do
that
I had a feeling you were going to say
that I had a feeling it's been going
amazingly well you do have the
mainstream you have been hearing about
mainstream media all my life
I've been hearing about it and it's true
I mean they don't give you accurate
really representation it's an amazing
things they don't do it they don't do it
unites constantly talk about the cameras
in every show the crowds they never
showed that grabs my wife is always
disappointed you must not have had a
good crowd tonight but now after about
three or four times she understands they
never want to show the crowd they never
want to fan the cameras it's an
incredible think can you do it maybe
once the cameras and camera
I should be happy is focused on my face
they never move it nobody knows what's
going on because you really don't they
don't want it sounds crazy they don't
want to show the kind of response we're
getting so we had twelve thousand people
we had twelve thousand and Sarasota
Florida on Saturday in an afternoon
during football games 12,000 biggest
crowd ever they'd ever had a crowd even
close the arena health six we had six
outside 6 inside I made two speeches and
nobody knew that they don't talk about
his sister is what's important is what
we're living in every single category
winning every single poll
just came out we're beating hillary
clinton even head-to-head by a lot
a lot but she does and that's not a nice
thing to say is we can't afford to be so
nice folks we don't have the option to
know for a while we had a captain's we
could mess enough we don't have the
options we've gotta get it right she
doesn't have the strength or the stamina
to be president she just does she does I
know you have another shogun and one of
these things and she'll do something and
it's by the way the crowds are like the
crowds are like 200 people we were in
new hampshire actually a part of
massachusetts where half 48% you know
why I think so
if Tom Brady likes you you're in pretty
good shape and messages but we have 48
percent in the poll and messages and
we're landing and hilary is nearby and
she's going past and we are all of the
police in Massachusetts give us a
motorcade you never saw anything like it
was like 50 motorcyclists roasting
credit I actually said why do I have to
be president no president ever had a
motorcade like we just got and Hillary
we had 3,500 people and right next door
meaning 10 miles up the road hillary had
about 200 people it was true and that's
the way it is this just came out I don't
know the other networks to keep their
thinking but I might as well
CNBC and she had a pretty lousy John
Harwood was a real stiff wasn't anyone
what a joke he was it was so nice to me
for three four weeks all yes respects
from Paul Beeston
look so forward we look so forward to
having you and any right reads this
question such a nasty cry tennis it what
a nasty question right now they're just
a bunch of phony ppl but when it comes
to this all say it's good because I only
it's good news so good news tonight
funny alright so this was even so it
should staying home and it says you're
the front-runner 75% republicans told
basically you see the charts and that of
truck runs more people are going out to
vote in the elections
it says no matter had no glasses on but
these are mounted I didn't want to put
the glasses on does it make sense to put
him on
no no don't do it don't do it okay I'm
gonna do without no matter what party
affiliation you consider truck brings
them out this is CNBC Republicans
Democrats and independents are all most
likely to show up if Trump is on the
ballot in our analysis we assume
constant whereas the democrats
nominating hillary which is gonna happen
unfortunately or fortunately I'd
actually rather run against her she has
done such a lousy job you know
you know I don't like it is going to be
the greatest job that she has ever done
will be getting out of the email scandal
assuming that happens that will be her
greatest achievement you see all the
classifieds today did thousands of that
many 3,000 here five thousand how do you
have that many emails anyway but they
have thousands of classified this
disgusting frankly she should be allowed
to run she shouldn't but the democrats
are protecting her she's being fully
protected as the expression goes at and
by the way we can't tell anyone you know
every time I did and tell jokes these
guys put on like you know little sick
like the belt right the belt you know
what I'm talking about Carson how it
doesn't work that way if you hit and I
wanted to like a whole big thing
ciampi possible the belt requested some
virtual dislike for three minutes and I
pull over to the side and a start
showing
and I sought showing it they never show
anything just at two or three second
clip and playing with my belt and people
don't know what the hell you doing it's
unbelievable and then I i talked about
the other day I talked about a reporter
who changed his story he changes to it
and I go into this highly exaggerated
phase of changing the search didn't say
what you will about all they do is they
show these little snippet they do
whatever they can to make it official
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna tell him
what you folks I'm not going to kid
are you ok so I well
just know it's my opponents do
commercials with the two second snippet
these are really dishonest people like
this guy cases he did a commercial total
stiff and beating a man I'm beating him
in Ohio by a lot and he's the governor
of the people I was and I said that he
had a certain problem right we have to
go into it
ok I well know I said he had a certain
pathological problem now he wrote it I
didn't write it and he said he suffers
from pathological disease ok serious
problem that we have enough problems in
this world and I said essentially the
people of Iowa can't be that stupid and
then I said that people of the united
stage something to the effect that
another attempt to them but everybody
how can you vote for somebody with a
problem like that I'm not even talking
about going after the mother with a
hammer I'm not talking about hitting his
friend in the face with a lot and I'm
not talking about that total nonsense
about them into a stomach and the belt
safety ok
ok I'm not talking about those shoes i
said im not gonna mention them tonight
should just disregard track you tell you
before jewellery in the judge's please
disregard oh ok will do so so what
happens what happens is kasich
commercial but he only put up the first
part he doesn't put up the second about
all the people in the United States take
take little slip it sees a horrible
people
horrible people interesting Linda st.
Paul not that I care about patients I
think he's got one percent but it says
cases does the worst you know it's funny
when people come after me they've gone
down the tubes you look at cases each
now before that Jindal he was vicious
bobby Jindal Alfred E Newman I column he
was he was so vicious who's gonna have
to be a set I don't even know this guy
and then yet Perry the nation's guy from
Texas a problem one of the worst debate
performances in the history of debates I
was the debate performance you can never
ever lived down but all of a sudden he
became vicious he goes to Washington
make a major speech on me because it
wanted to pick up he goes to Lindsey
Graham I mean this cool guy
now the poor guy take it easy USA and
its South Carolina I was at 32 of 38 and
he was a true three and he's just
sitting senator how bad Florida Florida
in flood out I met 3228 very high
numbers and a governor bush I mean
honestly
so many commercials I can't watch it he
spent millions and millions of dollars
spent nothing I haven't done a
commercial I actually felt badly now I
actually felt badly I did a radio
commercial a small one because the
pressure is killing me why do you do
more commercials whyyy said I don't need
it but we gotta do a commercial so we
did actually pretty good radio
commercial gonna be doing a lot of
commercials actually I think I think
actually we're gonna be doing most of
the commercials that have somebody hits
me I'm gonna hit them back show heart
which is what we should be doing with
Isis and everybody else
these people that are pouring in the
back they don't know what they're
missing do they don't know so so so many
things but Lindsey Graham disaster Perry
disaster all like disasters think of
this as a friend of mine said you know
so far that's a christian hasn't hit me
yet he will he has to his no choice he
said he's gonna hit me at some point
rubios gotta hit be hey there's only one
way you get to the top of her talk
through Trump let's face it they have to
they have
I think he's been showing support
everything I said he supported every
single thing I said he's been so
supportive but its employees gonna have
to hit me right
gonna be a sad day but we will hit back
I promise I promise but you look at
what's going on and you look at the
world and you see what's happening and
we have to get this right we can put a
stiff we can't put a low-energy person
we can put people's home I've gotten to
know some of whom I respect some of whom
I really don't respect some of whom I
don't respect I look at some of the
people that are on the day as I never
debated before now in all fairness every
online poll drugs used terrific he's a
terrific guy by the way drudge but
dredges a big poll hundreds of thousands
of people died after the debate time
agassi I'm a just on the cover of Time
magazine believe me other than that I
have no power over time magazine time
magazine way they all do these poses
like five or six so we have the debates
every single debate and believe me
hundreds of thousands I am not telling
people to make phone calls all right and
online poll which i think are actually
better in many respects and when they
interview 300 people in the show you one
day I don't understand 300 people I do
understand 200,000 people but I don't
understand why the interview 297 point
three point three is the baby ok so I
never understood that but you know what
whatever it too I took that the Wharton
School of Finance I took that whole
thing and it never made sense to me but
I guess it works crews usually that
right or row
in the last number of Elections they've
been wrong I hope they're right right I
want to be right I gotta be right but
you look at these phones and in the
debates I want all the debates and I'm
saying to myself today CNN I'm coming
over and I told you I had this great
pastors meeting is great great meal took
the camera just 100 from CNN they know
me I love I love hitting damn well the
cameras are not level
I love so CNN gave me the story it was
like a meeting never even took place and
it was such a great it was like a love
fest and I said that's really unfair
stuff so maybe how would you like to do
this box for the first of eight
up with 24 to 28 million people one of
the largest in the history of cable may
be the largest in the history of cable
CNN at 23 million people it was the
biggest show in the history of CNN this
isn't me this is from
ok the biggest ratings in the history of
CNN biggest they cover wars that cover
the discover how about the next debate
is with CNN now you have to tell me
cause I know what they have to say
old trip is chicken ok how about I tell
CNN who doesn't treat me properly they
don't they just right
they really don't have a lot of respect
for some of the people over there but
they don't trip how about I tell CNN
that I'm not gonna do the next day I
tell you the problem you know we just
got this is a nice thing when you're
really smart like really really really
smart like I am
extemporaneously so I don't need
teleprompters ladies and gentlemen
ladies and gentlemen thank you very much
you know how easy that is you read for a
half hour and I talked for an hour and a
half and I don't have any of that stuff
but the nice thing is you can be very
current generating a speech and you have
to get speechwriters to change i mean i
i hear things on the airplane coming
over we can talk about it but how about
we do this was saying I won't do the
debate unless they pay me five million
dollars all of which money goes to the
wounded warriors or go to that
I would love to let me give you the bad
so what will happen is they'll settle
Trump is check and let them for of a man
according to every online poll I want
every one of them now when I turn on the
television and I listen to these you
know the talking heads who are not smart
people at all my education to better
than any of them I'm smarter than they
are many of the people know many of the
people in the room were smarter they are
but the talking heads I could name them
but actually a couple of her actually
starting to come around so I gotta be
careful I can't set of all the way back
again right but you got guys like karo
he spends hundreds of millions of
dollars in campaign she wins not say he
wants nothing there are some people that
are losers ok but how about if we do the
other losses and losses and and that's
the prob we can't have that we can't
have that with the republican party have
to get the right people and we have to
win that's why when I show you this is
Paul it's a foxhole would be hillary
that's what we have to have a number I
haven't even started on hillary yet
other than I do say no strength stamina
but with CNN so I say five million
dollars goes to the Wounded Warrior
warriors and the vet ok do it like that
we're winning by a lot I say we could do
a lot of people say they say it over
here
trips crowd was packed we haven't had a
new look at every Mark Cuban called up
you want to use my career at the Dallas
Mavericks I said what day is it Thursday
when can I use it Monday asset for days
how many seats twenty thousand seats we
felt it up like a day and a half and he
predicted that he knows there's a
feeling by the way there is a feeling
but here's the problem so we're leaving
in everything
the biggest crowds by sparks so much
bigger than Bernie said you know about
birdies and a crowd
may he rest in fish you know we had an
operation today I think it was a hernia
operation you know you know why
carrying around too much tax problems
says he's gonna tax you he's going to
track shoe but let's not even talk he
wants to double or triple everyone that
wants to bring you up to ninety percent
90%
and he wants to bring you because he
wants to take know what happened is
yellow in now has gone way out and she
wants to give everybody free everything
except for the people that pay taxes you
know somebody has to pay somebody else
so it's gotta be late but here's the
problem so we CNN I said no I'm not
doing it their ratings will go down
where they would be you know let's say
they would have had a million people
when they have maybe two million people
and they have 24 25 million people the
case of Fox 23 so they're expecting a
lot a bigger audience this number 52
advertising it all of what I do like
they finally used a beautiful picture of
me sometimes the pictures are so bad
they have my chin pull back so I look
like quadruple chins they picked the
worst but they picked a good picture of
so happy with them I actually wrote him
a letter saying thank you for the first
time in about to use but here's what
happens I want five million dollars they
were getting $4,000 for a 30 second ad
for the last thing they went from four
thousand dollars to approximately two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for
36 that's a lot of money and then if you
remember CNBC extended by one hour two
days before the United Nations extending
it will make it a fortune that would
totally sold out and who is the one that
said no way you're not gonna do it I did
not because I could stand up there
forever but I said you're not gonna do
it and everybody can be everybody this
is like to walk believe me we're gonna
build a wall mexico's good effect
to pay for the war so when I get this
receive NBC to make it three hours I
should number one I can send up here for
25 hours I can send up to date I don't
care who the hell wants to watch the
same questions over and over and over
again like for two-and-a-half three
hours so I said no way and I said when I
could do it no fairness Carson joined in
with me he said absolutely I'll go wrong
and they fold it in about two seconds
that's supposed to be the business
network they fall to quick quick they
folded so we're CNN historical say
chicken he's afraid to debate he's
afraid to debate than what I don't just
talk to Korean hope that all of my
people I said I'd love to watch this
story on the past it was so terrible it
was done by reporters sitting right back
there
away by the way she wasn't even there
she wasn't in Trump Tower that 20 out of
beautiful news conference with all these
pastors and was like we didn't do
anything I won't mention a name I don't
wanna make her more famous and she's not
very famous but but such such a such a
disgusting report so proud Robbinsdale
say that Trump is chicken now if you're
not bleeding and you going nowhere yet
nothing to lose but wouldn't it be
better I'm leading the polls I don't do
it I'd like you to write it gets out of
chicken which I'm not one thing I'm not
just checking every remember every
single I want every single pole in the
debates all four debates check it folks
you know I only said what should I say
anything that's even slightly off the
next headlines every single poll but if
I do this it could be he's playing too
cute and maybe I don't do well and maybe
my real polls which of the polls were
leading by so much maybe they go down so
should I tell CNN that I'm not doing the
debate because they treat me really
unfairly and shape but I will do it if
you give five million dollars to the
vets Wow
I know the people in this room good and
if they covered by her remarks good but
they don't want to just cover tiny bit
they won't mention what I just get so
they gave you like three seconds of this
if I do it I have a feeling I could face
repercussions in the polls should I do
if I don't I don't know if I want to
take the chance I don't know
you know it's a little like ok we are to
the right one of the great i love you so
much for that came up one to do the
offences show became a tremendous
tremendous hit and and by the way the
head of contest was a great guy steeper
came to my office just before announced
he wanted to renew for a lot of money
I'll pay whatever wanted to renew at I
succeed i think im gonna run I wasn't
sure until I got down the escalator with
my beautiful wife waving but she's
waving and I'm saying oh yeah yeah I
gotta do this the bottom of this massive
area was you couldn't even see any of
the marble because it was so many
cameras on it and I took a deep breath
and I went and I get it
and I and by the way and that speech we
announced illegal immigration we
announce the whole thing as it turned
out to be a very very big deal
a very very big deal right
very big so will the wall so so what
happens so what happens with the
apprentice we went on and didn't have an
option because everybody said while
trumpeting adobe is not a television so
they did a one-season deal without an
option very unusual didn't want to waste
the ink and critics said why would
anybody want to watch The Apprentice
with Donald Trump and then they said the
worst insult ever had this one critic a
total moron chet women will never let
you know what lets women watch a show it
can be successful as women make up a big
part of the audience said unless you
have big women and you just can't the
people on television know that and is
one guy said why would women ever wanna
watch donald Trump intelligence you
believe this is when it first came out
show a very insulting fact I said to my
wife and my that bad dialing am i that
bad and I should have been fine but the
show and it starts at number 10 Agosto
number eighty goes to number five anyway
many evenings the number one show and
tell became this phenomenon and so what
happened
check because they didn't have an option
so what happened is she came to me and I
read all about friends where they made
two million dollars an episode and it
will how many of them five or something
right
Jennifer Aniston all of them and they
had like a union but they made a lot of
money per episode I would not form that
union if I would Jennifer maybe I would
have asked for more but that's okay
she's a team player so what happens what
happens I should I know nothing my agent
told me don't do the apprentice in the
first place
not gonna work so I fired him I said you
know the show just went to number one
night fire at my age
so I'm stuck without a date but I we
thought about these ridiculous hours at
these television stars and I asked for a
tremendous celery should look I have the
hottest show on television you remember
that she's in one particular the final
episode I think was second after the
Superbowl had tremendous numbers of
people watching it and I said I don't do
this myself i dont this just two simple
and so yes for a crazy number and they
should know they turn me down and I said
man I just blew it and two days later
they called me back we'll give it to you
ok and I said why they paid me for you
saw the money I made on the apprentice a
defile and how much was it two hundred
and thirteen million dollars you believe
that nobody believes I don't believe it
I mean to be honest I had a file in the
file myself and everybody should run
maybe he's not as big as people think
and you know what's gonna happen and he
won't file well I thought and I was much
bigger and by the way I don't say that
bigger better stronger low debt
tremendous cash flow numbers that I
would ever believe even fifteen years
ago I just a great company
the reason I say that is it for ego it's
because this is the mentality this is
the thinking that we need for our
country to make us great
just to finish and then we're going to
get back onto that but just to finish I
said to the head of NBC why did you fold
as I love this as you know I love to
know why did people fold like a little
people that why did they followed so I
said why did you fall he said you know
we want and we started interviewing
other people but in the end we didn't
want to take a chance ok and it's the
same thing with us it's the same thing
with us we are going to do something so
strong and so bold but we can't take a
chance and picked the wrong president we
can't pick a woman who was totally
embroiled in scandal for her home life
whitewater don't think of it whitewater
whitewater was no different
everybody that study that they did a
book on it she should have been indicted
she should have been indicted
how bad was the the cattle futures the
cattle futures right where numbers went
up like she made a massive amount of
money in like one week and guys do this
professionally all their lives if that
the whole thing the whole thing is a
scandal the whole thing is corrupt it's
corrupt and it has been you look at the
foundation you look at everything it's
been so bad for so long we can't do that
we can get involved in that stuff
anymore and honestly it's true she'll
say hello to people she disappeared for
five days I don't disappear for five
days tomorrow I'm going someplace all
the time
the time I'm going we need tremendous
stamina we need tremendous strength and
this is women men you know what we need
strength training and we need smart just
a tough person cuz I know tough guys I
know it tough guy people and stuff is no
good tough is no good without the brain
power you need to brain you need the
brain but we need to toughness to we
need general patton we need general
I mean our armed services today are so
politically correct that a guy like
general patton who is a vicious rules
list horrendous human being who Christ
and it's still in people's faces who
cares he was great by the way his troops
his troops would go to hell for him his
troops would go to help mad dog his
troops would go to hell for him or we
need general douglas macarthur into
history of less one of the greatest
intellect and he was a totally different
type but he was a guy that only
understood winning that's what he
understood we don't need these guys that
I see on television all the time talking
about is very true I there sixty
thousand people we got him through
Harbor planning tolerable planning that
whole thing with iraq again gotta be
given points I said in 2003 2004 don't
go out and now I am by far and we have a
lot of that shy love you I love him
lot of that
we had a lot of action this room and
we're going to take care of our vet we
are going to really take care of our bed
you know we put in a plan recently we're
going to take care of it but we have to
have people that don't talk we don't
want talkers we want to ours we want
people that know what's happening I see
on television all these generals they're
talking about yes well what did we do
this I see a couple of weeks ago we all
go through send fifty men and then he
said why would a president I didn't say
I didn't say that God had said again but
louder Mary Radeva treated George are
you heard what I said well there's
something going on because some of these
decisions are hard to believe so he
announces that he's sending fifty
minutes and maybe someone I don't know
but he sending fifty people over a
fineness why would why would you say
that because now they're being hunted
now they've got target on their back now
the enemy knows it going over there why
would you say that they're being hunted
like like wild dogs they're being hunted
why would you say that you sending fifty
people and it's you know the address
they think it's not even good
psychologically cuz 50 is not the number
I mean you know fifty people so it's not
even get from that standpoint it's not
like we're sending a hundred thousand
people go fifty people that probably say
wow we're number one we're going to get
those fifty of with the enemy right
number one we're going to get there
50 and we're gonna make them look real
bad and number two just two people
ok if you gonna do it either do it or
don't do it but you have to either do it
or you don't do this strategy their
strategy is totally wrong so I write the
book 2000 the American Way deserves a
you saw that right did you see the book
does anybody have that book the american
wages in the year two thousand and I
talked about Osama bin Laden because he
was a terrorist with a big fat mouth and
he was going around saying the
destruction he's gonna do and I say I
said in the book two years before the
World Trade Center came down you better
do something about this guy Osama bin
Laden I said something nobody's gonna
crawl into Iraq and come back and a
couple of people actually called Osama
he did he came back to knock down the
World Trade Center with thousands and
thousands of lives and people still
dying and families still suffering
because they lost people this was the
worst attack this was worse to Pearl
Harbor caused at least that was an
attack on the military this was an
attack on innocent people working in an
office and having lunch up on top of the
world this was an attack on civilians
were stacking attack in the history of
the country and we could have done
something about it we could have done
something if we had two leaders if we
had smart people could have done
something about that Osama bin Laden was
out there i read about them in my book
he was out there you don't go out and
say we're sending fifty men his another
push a war should have been studying to
destabilize the home at least that's
what happened and I said it
2003 2004 reuters has a big article on
top
Trump says totally against the wall not
because I would be against but because
you have to know I'm gonna build a
military so strong so powerful so great
that will never have to use it whenever
gonna have to use it we don't want to
use we don't want to use it
in many ways in many ways the military
is and building it up is the cheapest
thing we can do because it's like the
tough guy you never really want to go
against a tough you know you get the
test we grow up and we all know what
we're talking about but the tough guy
well hopefully I'm distraught we have to
have cunning we have to have guile we
have to have a lot of different
qualities but we can't keep going with
these all talk no action politicians who
are paid off by the impact that paid off
by the packs they controlled like little
puppet state they're packed we can't
keep going like this we all 19 trillion
that's now going to be 21 trillion
dollars it's a number that appeared at a
number that you would have even thought
this is possible
China's ripping us on trade japan is
killing us on trade with China were
losing four hundred and fifty billion
dollars on an imbalance a year with
japan is seventy billion dollars a year
mexico story fight that's why I know
people say I told you before I said you
know why because then they can afford to
mexico all of the mexican people I
respect Mexico I respected leaders but
their leaders just so much smarter than
our leaders you send Mexico one extra
day there five soldiers out of the
country and yet they send everybody over
the data want people go through mexico
keep going
the dummies in the United States a
woman's pregnant she has a baby steps
over the border she has a baby it's an
American citizen we take care of the
baby for any time
no more and I attack that anchor babies
i attacked and I attacked its strength
and it turned out it was right I didn't
even know that at the time because
everybody said all of these dumbass
politicians said oh no Ono
they are they good one thing I'll tell
you what they're good at one thing
getting re-elected I mean I had to deal
with a guy like a siege discuss nothing
these people these are people that
should not be on this stage these are
people it's an embarrassment to have
some of them in the safe and some are
very good I'll be honest I'm not gonna
tell you who don't want you to vote for
me but there's something very good but
there is some Dutch if not beyond the
stage when you have a guy like pataki he
doesn't even register in certain areas
we have to register and he's gonna be
back on the stage of the republican
party and if somebody's not registered
let's say in Virginia or let's say in
South Carolina because they don't want
to pay the fee because they can't get
some signatures on a ballot and you
can't register because is now the time
limit so you don't have South Carolina
are you have been jigna you're not gonna
be on the debate stage with us but they
don't do anything about it they don't do
anything about it so we have to get
tougher we have to get smarter we have
to really run this country with love and
with heart and we have to take care of
people that are sick and we have to take
care of people that need help we have to
get better health care Obamacare is a
disaster
Obamacare is going to be repealed and
replaced with something so much better
so much I don't know I don't know if you
saw recently where premiums are going up
35 45 55 percent people can afford them
the coverage is horrible
the deductable just so high that unless
you're dead you can use it
ok you can use it as useless as usual
it's terrible and it was all a big lie
28 times you can have your doctor you
can have your plan you can have whatever
you want and frankly the democratic it
appeared that fresh because i dont have
you been reading the papers lately but
Obamacare's in big big trouble
potential trouble they have to be bailed
out big league by congress they could
have to be bailed out big big leak in
1701 Fletcher leaving have a new
president I'm going to these problems to
fix but I think some belief
but here's the problem the democrats at
least we know where they're coming from
these republicans we send them to
washington and I support him I give a
lot of money but we send them to
washington and they get down there and
they don't do the job that they can't
paint or they should women and Obamacare
right I don't know if you have any of
this area probably you do we get into
Obamacare within to do this we're going
to strengthen up here we're gonna take
care of our vets went to take care of us
they talk and they talk now they get
down to these gorgeous holes with a
beautiful marble columns and the angels
on the ceiling and look at this way we
finally hit the big time do we fight and
it comes to a vote on Obamacare
everybody raises I mean look at this
last budget this last budget was
approved so fast and we have to raise
two trillion dollars because of this
budget when you do the budget you
supposed to start the following morning
when negotiating because you're not have
enough time then they should close down
government everybody's afraid of closing
down the government and you know the
funny thing I want the art of the deal
the funny thing is that nobody's gonna
blame me blame for closing down the
government but Obama when people read
the history books not gonna say better
throws down nobody's gonna know Boehner
is gonna say during the Obama
administration the government closed
down he was a hard but president
they're gonna say he was a hot president
he didn't know what the hell he was
doing he was a tremendous divided
because he's the most divisive human
being I think I've ever seen and the one
thing a lot of us thought including me I
said you know what he's not going to be
good but you know he will unify perhaps
the country and he'll bring white and
african-american and everybody who bring
them all together and you know what that
turned out to be totally wrong it's
never been worse when I met today with
the african-american pastors never been
worse than it is today and likely if you
are african-american youth 51 to 55
percent unemployed I mean everything to
me it has been a horrible president has
been horrible to a point where people
that would never vote Republican come up
to my office and they want to really
talk turkey and it's hard for them to
always go democrat and it's hard for
them but they come up to my office
because they really want help so he's
been a great divider he's been an
incompetent president everything he
touches turns to you no wat
everything they give it we don't have
victories anymore right we don't have
the when's the last time we had a
victory we don't have victories anymore
I healthcare is no good it's a disaster
our trade with all of these countries is
no good
our borders are like says people are
just pouring in
we have sanctuary cities which by the
way will end very quickly ok when I made
a speech in Trump Tower that i'm gonna
run and I gave up a lot I gave up a lot
because what I gave up is far more than
any campaign is going to cause I'm
talking now in dollars I gave up a
tremendous amount including shows
everything but I gave up a lot you know
a politician a politician gives up
nothing they run they lose they win they
run again totally controlled by their
donors by special interests and by
lobbyists totally and there's a story
and I have to tell you
positions like and I've been saying it
for a long time I think we had either
nine or 11 super PACs formed for me jump
super PAC one of those the art of the
deal packed the art of the deal so
people give money get all these and a
lot of these people that form the super
PAC have no money maybe I'll give you a
good idea right you go former super PAC
keep all the money for yourself so i'm
saying to myself I would do when people
send to the art of the deal super they
probably think I'm running but we're not
supposed to run it I'm not running it
and I see these two young guys on
television and I see others and there
are talking about the ship nothing to do
with it we sent legal letters to close
your doors closed up I would have had
hundreds of millions of dollars if I
wanted to have a super PAC and if I
wanted to have other people fund my
campaign I don't want other people to
find my
I dot because nobody knows the game
better than me we take the small
contributions because I have to I mean I
have people sending me $21 $17 $28 $100
and you have to let those are people
that are in love with this country and
you have to take the ball like
contributions but these are people that
really want to invest in this country
the greatness of the country i try to
send the money back would cost more than
some of the checks to come in
you wouldn't even know and there's no
letter I can write to a woman who said
in $17.50 with a four page letter four
page letter so proud that she said this
month is no letter that I could write
when she's not insulted I have turned
down tens of millions of dollars and you
know most of those guys have gone to
other campaigns because they want to I
mean that like horse players in a
certain way but they also want taxes and
they want power and i said i dont wanna
take your money I'm not gonna take your
money so has our story was just on the
front page of the los angeles time times
a super PAC called American Legacy
raised six million dollars now this is i
guess its a Carson or carsick oriented
$6,000,000 only one hundred and forty
thousand dollars was left for the
campaign now but this is the same with
Roche maybe not as bad as the same with
Rubio it's the same with all of my guess
maybe a couple of them do it properly
but the consultants and the fundraisers
and all of these people they take the
money they're professionals they make
money better than being a real estate
broker to be honest with you I mean I'll
probably give a lot of people in the
audience an idea but it's better than
being a real estate broker so thick of
it
Jeb Bush Jeff he's he's another beauty
Jeb Bush yesterday said don't truck
tried to talk tough now cuz I said he's
got no energy I call them a low-energy
person so now he wants to be a tough guy
doesn't work you can't be tough enough
you know whether he should be himself if
he should help it do better
can't do any worse but jet version of
the day said Donald Trump doesn't have
the right tone to be present the tone
and I said to my who cares right so his
soda chopping off people's heads in the
Middle East they're drowning people in
cages were like living in medieval times
we can't wait to board they asked me the
other day just ahead and what are the
announces asked me the other day one of
the talking heads actually said what do
you think of waterboarding
well you wanna go a step further than
waterboarding cuz I'm ok with that too
everybody's heads every day you see
James Foley great parents I made a
contribution to the people and the
parents and I they did the Foley
foundation and i got to know them and
him and threw them and he's like he was
like this great person they do is the
first and I said it I think I suspect a
terrible mistake when they did that they
created this tremendous hatred what now
they're doing it all over the place and
we haven't done anything about it and we
have a president that doesn't even want
to mention islamic problems right now he
doesn't want to mention it he doesn't
want to say you know when you when you
think about it he doesn't want to use
the terms he doesn't wanna say what it
is and you can't cure a problem if
you're not gonna say what the problem is
you just can't kill
so we have a problem like probably there
hasn't been fighting a war like we've
never fought of course he's not saying
it's a worry that but it was fighting a
war with it blowing up airplanes where
they're doing things like what you just
saw Paris and other places and we have a
president that refuses to use proper
terminology and why that is nobody can
really tell me that one ok why that was
this audience is amazing I wish I wish
everybody I wish everybody can hear you
know when you think of the radical right
radical Muslim rather anything you want
to say but it's a problem and it's a
problem that has to be addressed whether
it's where Islamic extremists or not you
have to say what it is and that's what
it is that's why there is even a soccer
game recently you saw that the other day
without a soccer game ahead of a dead
one minute of silence for the people
that were just absolutely bludgeoned
absolutely what they did in Paris and
people yelling things from the audience
things that weren't supposed to happen
and the players were unbelievably
embarrassed that it was a great
embarrassment that you don't get a lot
of reporting on it but it was a most of
you have heard about it that was last
week so we need strength we need power
we need smarts we're gonna redo this
country we're gonna make it better than
it's ever been before I really believe
that I really believe I really
I really
the other day I read on the headline of
one of the newspapers the number of
migrants crossing the Rio Grande is
through the roof you know we've been
here not well it's not tremendous
increase the number of migrants crossing
the Rio Grande our country has no
borders if you don't have borders you
don't have a country I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry
provided at the base of Trump Tower New
York if I didn't talk about illegal
immigration I don't even think you'd be
talking about it right now you had cake
in San Francisco you had jim muir this
young incredible guy there was gonna go
to the football player a good student
his father I've gotten to know him and
an unbelievable man and his son was shot
and killed walking home with us in which
his father from the deli he was going to
go on a scholarship to one of the great
colleges maybe Stamford on a football
scholarship the apple of the fathers and
he called up his father and he said papi
called them I'll be home in a couple of
minutes I'm right outside I've got your
sandwich and then a minute later Jameel
senior heard three or four gunshots rang
out and he knew he knew this was a guy
that walked up to his son held a gun to
his head and pulled the trigger right
through the head and when the boy went
down he went like this and he shot him
again and blew his hands off and illegal
immigrant they came over the same thing
in Los Angeles a few weeks ago a woman
66 year old veteran raped sodomized and
killed by an illegal we've gotta get our
country back from we've got to get in
and by the way
either way these three instances there
are thousands and thousands and
thousands it's it's horrible at the
border patrol I was over there not long
ago the rate of Texas and the border
patrol these are great people and their
sit down stand down they can't do the
job they're not allowed to do this and
people are pouring into the country and
now we have Syrians that look awfully
strong now can't do it and you know what
I'm all for abroad for building safe
zones in Syria which and I have
employees from legally here by the way
all have I been tested I have these guys
going to reporters everyplace have I
been tested but I have maybe somebody
sticks and believe me you'll find it if
they do but I have from all over but you
know it's funny they come from countries
that you wouldn't think much you would
never think that you'd want to go there
big ambition is to make money here and
go back to their country they want to go
back to the country and I understand
that I understand that they want to go
home you want to be back with their
mothers and fathers and their soil and
their plants even if the plant is not
the kind of plant that you like they
want to go home to the country and I
understand that and the fact is if you
build
shapes Jones and Boyd you have plenty of
land over there but if you build safe
zones and you gotta get the Gulf states
as an example Saudi Arabia
billion today now that was a couple of
months ago when I was a half a billion
dollars a day so much money they don't
know what to do
wonderful people that treat me nicely by
my apartment I love them
ok but you know what the money is
enormous we don't have money we've got
to get them to put up money we defend
that we defend Germany we defend Japan
we defend his career there right next to
the maniac escapism mania we have 28,000
soldiers we defended give us like
nothing if you wanna buy a television LG
Samsung shop they have come thousands
and thousands of television's in the
last year for different projects right
can you believe I'm running part-time
like running part-time I'm doing well
for part-timers right by the way talking
about so wouldn't it be nice I've spent
less money in my campaign than anybody
else and I'm in first place every one
that be nice
if the country could do the same thing
example officials said you know I have
to spend more money it doesn't look that
good I haven't done that and then
somebody said to me you know what really
is great but nobody but I ever heard of
Charles openly he owned the Oakland A's
right he had the lowest payroll in
baseball and he won the World Series
three times in a row he had a young lady
jacks the young catfish hunter and
George tavern it was one of my best
friends and a great guy but he used to
just by his players all the time and
George tell me this guy's a genius he
had the lowest payroll in baseball and
he won the World Series three times and
it's all his players for fortune and
replace it with guys are just as good of
our country could run like the people in
this room following us to remember what
I've been saying attacked the oil right
I've been saying that now for four years
but I say I say tactical and then keep
these guys attack it but they don't want
to keep it consistent so for years I've
been saying attack attack the world of
ice attack
and they all said that would be
ridiculous Obama actually had one of his
general say well that wouldn't be a good
military I said wait a minute I'm making
much of their money from oil to make it
a lot from banking and who knows better
about attacking banks and I do I'm one
of the all-time lows of history
ok getting attacked the bank's money is
pouring in from illegally money is
pouring in and the banks will stop it
because I know how I know the games
these politicians don't know anything
but I've been saying attacked you
attacked that doesn't make sense that's
not a good strategy I actually heard the
other day that attack into a bad idea
because it's environmentally not
sensitive can you believe
smoke and a lot of do it for
environmental reasons can you believe
the incredible and competence ok
adventure that that is a serious
consideration as to why that in a tactic
just to show you how its stupid our
leaders and these people want to kill
all of us so i been sayin attack vol
well after Paris and right at powers
finally and it was france can you
believe it would strengthen the attack
which I'm happy about what they finally
started attacking the UL and only one
person back there said you know that was
trumps idea long time ago he's been
saying it every time I every chance I
got what I said one other thing I should
attack going recapture get ExxonMobil
get a couple of these great companies
will rebuild the infrastructure dole
about the infrastructure these companies
are amazing
half of you probably work they're
amazing companies they will rebuild it
so fast to build a new and nice will
ensure that will make a fortune and will
give a percentage of that money to the
families of the soldiers of Iraq and
other places
that worked and chilled badly wounded
will give a percentage in that money to
the Wounded Warriors I will take care of
people but these guys don't want to do
you know in the old days to the victim
you know your military man I could see
it stands up straight great guy but I
can see it to the victim along the
spoils right we don't do it we don't do
that we can involve a lot of places when
wind and we live and how got it just
about 250 but how about this one when he
get the exact date when we're pulling ok
how bout that it must be some kind of a
game I thought maybe he's playing the
game that he didn't mean it because he
doesn't mean it'll get them by surprise
see our country needs the world
unpredictable we're totally predictable
he announces 250 he announced next week
will be bombing of certain city in the
meantime it turns out to be hell on
wheels because it's so prepared because
whatever he says sent out to be right
gets it could be leading up so what
happens is that Obama comes out and he
should we leaving Iraq so what happens
and believe me I want to be killed you
know you read all about to go and they
don't wanna be killed
so they put that how stupid is he he's
told us when he's leaving but we have to
fight for their leaving soon so they
pull back and we think we're doing great
and by the way I came because we had no
control over the people that took over
iraq they wouldn't let I should have
their fair share a year and what
happened as I just became more issues by
far than them and more vicious that
saddam hussein by the way who didn't
have weapons of mass destruction so what
happened so what happens is we have a
president that told them the exact day
that were pulling out now you tell me
how stupid is that
and now they have and now they have a
war going on where they don't know what
they're doing they're fighting Syria but
serious fighting I should and they're
fighting together so we're fighting and
we're also saying wow I can't believe it
the United States who's fighting us is
killing our worst enemy houses we love
the United States and shot down the side
at russia and because we gave a hundred
and fifty billion dollars we don't get
our prisoners window got up to go into
it may be the worst deal ever made
everything I've ever seen of any kind so
now we're hiding around potentially
fighting reischauer were fighting I said
I was fighting serious serious we don't
know what the hell with their word we
have stupid people you can't fight and
got a picture
you got a picky guy and I tell you I
pick a shot as a bad guy we're backing
the rebels just like we did you know
their place
ok we're back in the rebels to go in now
the rebels are ices and some people
think the rebels are far worse so we're
back in the rebels look what happened in
Libya look what happened in iraq we
don't that people and we get more
equipment and one-shots dried up in the
air and all our equipment is in the
hands of the enemy this stuff is going
to happen if every single ball that
could happen
every single policy number one by far
and leadership not saying leader on the
I'm just telling you I'll be a great
leader but every single call you know
somebody would win that's why he was a
leader if it's somebody for the Packers
lost all the time he would have been a
leader ok telecheck he's a great guy but
the only way you can be a winner you
can't be a loser and be a leader you
can't doesn't work because you may get
away with it for a little while but
eventually people say we we keep losing
we want somebody is going to win I win I
win I know how to win
just like now we're driving the
republican establishment craze
and the reason they're going crazy is
because they want to have their puppets
and I'm not a puppet and one for you
know which moved to Mexico when they
call me I'm gonna do what's right for
you I'm not gonna do what's right for me
cause I don't care and I'm not gonna do
it right because they were fund-raises
and they gave me a lot of money and when
the best go or just moved its big plant
to mexico want something to show for all
that good stuff
ok and when the fundraisers and the
lobbyists and the special addressing me
about nabisco I'm gonna do what's right
for you so really in a nutshell it's
been great being with you tonight it's
like this all over its like the
enthusiasm of the incredible everything
it's it's like this all over we have an
amazing country of people that really
want to see us great again the
expression make America great again I
mean they really want to see it
we have to get out and vote
don't believe all this stuff i think im
gonna win the Hispanic vote and I
frankly don't think it matters
you know the fact is that if the
republicans got up and voted last time
you would have had a different president
of you know Romney let us down he let us
down and he didn't energize the base
people were saying I don't care I mean
if you don't care between Obama and
Romney that's not doing a good job we've
gotta get out we've gotta be energy if
you have a broken leg a broken back and
broken neck you have to get up and you
have to vote you've gotta go out and and
I'll tell you this and I say there's
even more strongly now than ever before
I've gotten to know so many people on
the trail our country is made up of
believable people and spirit our country
with proper leadership and I'll give you
really proper we're gonna have fun we're
going to have victories we're gonna win
we're gonna win so much we're going to
do things were going to be with you to
take care of our people that needed
which Republicans aren't ever get credit
for and we didn't do that we have to do
that otherwise I wouldn't even run for
office we're gonna have a big beautiful
heart but we're going to make this
country not only great again we're gonna
make our country greater than it's ever
been before and we can do it thank you
thank you I love you
I love you thank you very much thank you