thank you all over this happens if it's
ok I'd like to have a moment of silence
for the victims of the Paris attacks
please
what's going on and when you look at
what happened in that case reported one
from Syria president wants to take in
two hundred and fifty thousand from
Syria
think of a two hundred and fifty
thousand people and we all have hard and
we all want people taking care of it all
of that with the problems our country
has to take in two hundred and fifty
thousand people some of whom are going
to have problems big problems is just
insane we have to be insane terrible and
when you look at Paris you know the
toughest gun laws in the world
Paris nobody had guns but the bad guys
nobody nobody had guns and there are you
shooting them one by one and then they
broke in and had a big shootout and
ultimately killed the terrorists and
I'll tell you what you can say what you
want but if they had guns if our people
had guns if they were allowed to carry
it would have been a much much different
situation I hear it all the time you
look at certain cities that have the
highest violence the highest highest
problem with guns and shootings and
killings Chicago as an example toughest
gun laws in the United States nothing
but problems so our country but he gets
part because we're not smart great now
and I don't know if you noticed but for
two years I've been saying bomb the oil
fields because that's the source of
their well that's the source of their
well for two years we've been saying it
bombed the oil fields and it's such a
disgrace so yesterday they started
everyone showed us a terrible thing that
Trump said he's so hard I always say Jeb
Bush would say my tone might own it's
unbelievable the other day I made a
speech that people in iowa they loved
the speech they loved it and I talked
about the deficiencies of some of the
candidates and the newspaper said it was
ranting raving I don't read that he was
so horrible in terms of what he said
about a day said the truth I didn't say
anything in one case I said what that
particular person wrote about himself
true and they said he was so harsh it
was a terrible thing is I said what he
wrote about himself it's incredible how
dishonest the presses it's incredible
absolutely and I wanted to know whether
to be talking about the wall because
we're gonna build a wall is going to be
a big wall
I was gonna look beautiful someday
they'll probably end up naming it the
Trump wallets gotta look beautiful come
through the openings and they'll come in
and they're gonna come in legally entire
country and that's what we want people
that are here illegally are going to
have to go and you know what
someday they'll come back and they'll
come back through the legal process and
that's what we all want and I just want
to bring something very very special
people on stage but i just want to say
that when I announced that I was going
to run for president
I made some statements that were very
strong but very true I talked about
illegal immigration and I took a lot of
heat that first two weeks and then
people found out I was right and I will
tell you it's become a very big subject
in this country it's costing us two
hundred and fifty billion dollars a year
nobody knows that nobody talks about
that will talk about china will talk
about trade will talk about a lot of
things later but it's going to guess at
least two hundred and fifty billion
dollars a year
tremendous problems tremendous crime
tremendous crime and nobody disputes
when I said if they also known as
terrible tremendous growth and you know
what
and we're gonna have a country we're
gonna have a car
and we want
you not to do and these people are
walking
is standing down there holding their
weapons holding everything they're
amazing men and women stand down people
walk right into the country and you know
in other countries you can't do that by
the way in Mexico and I i love Mexicans
great place to have strong leadership
smart leaders damn smart people if you
want to become a citizen of Mexico it's
the hardest country in the world just
about to become a citizen but over here
come on in we're a bunch of dopes come
on come on come on you know the whole
thing about the anchor babies yeah she's
pregnant walks into the United States
has the baby we take care of the baby
for the next 85 so not gonna happen and
I was right about it
Fourteenth Amendment doesn't say that
you will have a baby the baby to sustain
and they said all you did a whole new
constitutional amendment would take
years and years it could never be cut
you don't need that you know that I
turned out to be right
the great legal scholars have said he's
so you don't need but before we go
further I I just met these people
backstage and they've been very nice to
me because I've been very nice to them
because I've been saying what's been
going on and there are many others that
I've met this is a few the Remembrance
project where people's loved ones were
killed by illegal immigrants people that
we have violently killed one of the men
I became sort of a friend of his Jameel
he had a son young football player good
who is black to Stanford quarterback
great kid never had a problem in his
life
a great young man and he went to the
deli and he came back home and he was
violently shot in the head
many times and his father heard the
shots outside where the saddest
is that he told the story was talking to
my boy and my boy said I'll be home in
five minutes bob
sandwich from the deli and he's walking
home and the father Jamiel Shaw the
father heard shots right outside and it
was a guy shooting his son in the head
and then his son laying on the ground is
like this and he shot him through the
hand with 45 which is obliterated his
hands everything killed instantly and
the father lay down to the sidewalk
couldn't believe what happened
couldn't believe it said this could nap
and he's just a great guy and he's not
here today but other people are and I
just like to bring them the Remembrance
project these are amazing people coming
up States folks
we can't have this anymore we just
like this where it's being run like the
way it's being so cute boy thank you
mister dropped my name is Laura
Wilkinson Josh was a team he was asked
for a ride home by someone we gonna let
it was illegal he beat him in the head
of the closet rod who strangled him let
him go
trying to let him go he kicked him in
the stomach so hard that it's wise to
spleen into in Africa father murdered
him tied him up like an animal grooming
of buildings on fire
it's something you don't want to live
through the list goes on and on
thank you mister truck for bringing it
out in the media's finally picked up on
it happened everything all day every day
I wanna so just one thing don't forget
Brandon Mendoza Dominic Durden Andrew
Rosenberg they're not here today but
then there's a long list of names thank
you
hi Gerry Ruiz and my husband and I this
is our daughter Felicia he was murdered
money and 99 he was ambushed beaten her
throat was cut and she was dead over 39
times and we had been 16 years trying to
get her fugitive he's hiding in
Venezuela we know that much and they
refused to let us have him they know
he's wanted for murder United States we
just hope that someday the youths
marshals will be able to bring him out
Marshall Cameron will to the martial
artists case and if you know we just
want justice for daughters so I'm a
little nervous but we need the link
someone like mister truck for president
so in Venezuela get going to do just
fine with Venezuela if I win if I win we
will get him out fast
from the police catch him we did have a
trial but serving two years probation
my name is Dan Jovic on the father of
Spencer go show my son 25 years old
January 31st this year he was sitting at
a red light in the neighborhood that I
grew up in an illegal alien from Mexico
that it been deported four times a day
rap she included felonies assaults and
burglaries and had been in our federal
prison system for five and a half years
ago that two red light randomly pick my
son out his brains out
shot for more people this is a result of
politically correct they will they will
they they have no problem
sacrificing your loved one your child
for the advancement of their own little
agenda but they they they will PC into
the ground and I think mr. Trump
standing up and saying things that need
to be said that no one else the same
you don't see that you don't read about
in the papers about it you don't see it
it's just unbelievable and I see it all
the time wherever I go because I'm the
only one that talks about it it's like
deficit soared to watch it's devastating
and you can imagine for no reason and
there's so many more I mean I have met
so many families friends with some of
them and you just say how could it
happen
the sanctuary city stuff is just
unbelievable unbelievable it's
unbelievable that we can allow it to
happen in this country is unbelievable
you look at San Francisco with Kate same
thing shot in the back and five times
they threw this guy out of mexico my
opinion they threw a matter of Mexico
City Mexico they say hey the us- doesn't
know what it's doing will send him over
there so the fifth so the fifth it well
or do something very strong term in this
case because you know case law case
loads a good thing they can't even get
it passed they probably won't get it
passed and it's it's a tough thing I see
so much of it I see so much of it
because wherever I go I i wana meet the
people and devastated their lives are
ruined hopefully not but you see it it's
it's a very it would be easy to say oh
it's going to be fine what time it's
done one of the parents said to me was
ten years and one of the parents had to
beat worse now than it was 10 years ago
so you know the time thing that we all
say we always like to say I don't think
it really works but it's something that
we're going to do something about that
if I win believe me we're gonna do
something about it we're going to do
something
all right let's talk about a little more
pleasant situation because we have so
much negative news you know I wrote the
new book right
crippled America and I picked the worst
possible picture myself it was terrible
but what are you gonna zaid scribbled
America and it is we have a president he
just came out yourself what he'd said he
made a little saving I want to say it
exactly as he said it because you know
what I have such a good memory and only
that but he said we have I saw given
notice yet he says ISIL I've always said
I say I like it I don't know what else
is isolate think he does that too maybe
who knows maybe he's one of the few I
say I since everyone seems to say I says
he says I sold but he said we have ISIL
contained now this was yesterday a few
hours before the attack where you had
plenty of americans involved in that too
in terms of the big involved on the
injuries and worse than that but we have
I self-contained we have leadership that
doesn't know what they're doing folks we
have leadership that doesn't know what
they're doing and we have to change we
have to go back we have to go back to
where we used to be years ago when we
were strong and powerful and people
respected as said
and when you had a sergeant Bergdahl
who's a trader he was shot for being a
traitor he's gonna get nothing and we
trade sergeant Bergdahl 45 of the
biggest killers that they want right now
back on the battlefields the back on the
battlefields we have to go back you have
to go back in time a little bit you know
some people tell you going in the wrong
direction and what are the folks mention
the words politically correct it's true
it's true you know that in terms of
remembrance fund when I was with a group
of about two months ago when they heard
that one of their sons were shot and
killed instantaneously the police who I
love the police have the greatest with
the police so much empower their powers
been taken away and that's why you have
the problems and so many of the inner
cities and so many that the but they can
stop it but their powers been so take it
away their day jobs are afraid they
can't even talk to people anymore
can even talk to people but I was with
them and they said to me everybody was
so great they were helping me helping me
helping me and when they found out it
was an illegal immigrant everything
stuff didn't want to get involved in
solving the crime once they found out
who it was and they couldn't do this day
they can't get people involved in other
words it's different if you shot
somebody review shots of the go ahead I
mean they give you that stuff but they
found out it was an illegal immigrants
in the mid and I i dented research and
it's so tough the system is so tough and
so against law enforcement that when
they find out
situations like the people that just
came up when they find out about it they
don't pursue that like they would a
regular situation with an American
citizen doing the shooting or doing the
killing and nobody knows why I think I
know why I think probably because the
process is so horrendous that they can't
maybe they're afraid to get involved
because they want to keep their jobs who
knows but it's it's very very said
so we're doing really well
amazingly well the Reuters poll
yesterday came out you saw that I was
great rugby 34%
greg carson had 19 percent Rubio had
nine percent and crews at seven percent
he's been very nice to me by the way he
has there in florida Trump 37% how good
is that they get that Rubio 16% is the
sitting senators are made 37 easier to
extend its pretty good that's pretty
good that one just came out here is what
you like the best Trump is leading in
Texas that's what you know what I also
like in one of the national polls best
in foreign policy they have me down and
foreign policies best ok so I wrote a
book the american wages and in the book
it was it came out in 2000 I talked
about a terrorist named Osama bin Laden
now this is before the World Trade
Center came down by a couple of Use
Somebody said like eighteen months but I
talked about Osama bin Laden in the book
and one of the big moderators on one of
the morning shows heard about this book
what was agreed in 2003 truck was
talking about a Selma bin Laden 2010 was
before the World Trade Center came down
he took it down it was his people wow
and the guy goes wow that's amazing I'm
really pretty good at this stuff I'm
telling you
I'm telling you know another thing just
happened and thats the oil you know the
way I've been saying go after the oil go
after the other
can't do that hurt the infrastructure
the oil hey we're in Texas I'd seen i've
seen what those companies in your
companies can do in about 12 minutes
he'll rebuild that infrastructure so
fast with with you folks building it
it's a grand so fast they'll build
itself fast and so good just bomb the
hell out of it and so everyone said
everyone said no could you know I was
seeing where they get most of their
money I should they get most of their
money from oil from iraq some in Syria
so there's no you can't bomb iraq it's a
sovereign nation do me a favor bomb
sovereign nation you know what that is
sovereign nation sovereign nation that
was supposed to take everyone end they
didn't take everyone in they wanted to
run it all themselves that's what
happened that's how Isis form ok that's
what happened and ice has turned out to
be a lot tougher than they are so they
have oil and that's where they get most
of their money they also get a from
banking sources and boy am I gonna add
banking I would come down on those
sources
there's there's never been a
presidential candidate does banking like
Trump believe me
they got a lot of money from bank in a
lot of money through different channels
of banking and you can save believing
that problem can be solved quickly but I
said bomb the oil take away and for two
years it's almost like I stop saying it
because everyone was so you can't do
that you can't do that why they didn't
know why but they just said you can't do
it so yesterday they started bombing the
hell out of the aisle and I said to
myself I wonder if I'm gonna get any
credit and actually actually a number of
people call Jake Tapper was one from CNN
sort of saying wow I did what you said
they should do and I had three or four
big thinkers call said well I said tell
me you to say to the area just saying it
to me they say it to me cuz I get good
ratings I want me to go in there Shelly
said say it on the air
don't tell me so they're doing but I
actually did took it a step further if
you remember I said take take take it
and I said take the oil so much money
take the oil don't Lee we should have
never gone to Iraq I said that right
from the beginning of cohesion you know
people say trump has a very tough tone
is a very tough temperament we need a
tough temperament now folks
we don't need a pathological temperament
we need a tough time we have that but
I'll tell you we need a tough time but
if you remember and in 2003 2004 I said
you're doing a mistake with iraq they'll
be nobody tougher with military the me
believe me nobody up on that stage
nobody and hillary Clinton has a total
disaster by the way she is a disaster
but you have to know when to use
military so just like I wrote about
Osama bin Laden and these all these
people saying I can't believe it from
the regional government could do so much
talk about the bad guy you know and
people were writing about him and he
said he's coming into the united states
is gonna do some real damage just so
should not the hell out of me for it
comes in that he came in and knocked
down the world that could have done a
job on that but they didn't but you have
to know
friendly guy and I probably but you know
what I'll tell you so you have to know
what do you have to know when to do it
it's usually friendly the friendly ones
I like to be nice to the unfriendly want
to have to be a little bit tough words
like so so you have to know when to use
it you have to know when and the
cheapest thing we can do is to build up
our military and make it strong again
because we'll never have to use it will
never have to use it right now we're
depleted with depleted we've been
fighting politically correct wars
everything's politically correct we
don't want to do this we don't want to
do that how about this we have to be
unpredictable right and I say that all
the time somebody said the other day in
one of those trips unpredictable that's
a great compliment
tell the story recently there was a
story about being a business deal and I
want I really beat the hell out of these
people which is fine they weren't very
nice but they interviewed the people
while ago and they said what do you
think it donald trump the city so
totally unpredictable and I beat them
because the unpredictability now I
sometimes you want to be unpredictable
around reasons and you it's purposely
unpredictable not like you don't know
what you're doing you got to be a little
bit unpredictable in life and they said
he beat us because we couldn't figure
out he's a good poker player we couldn't
figure out so here's the problem
president Obama announces last week we
are going to send fifty troops are
fineness industry area and into iraq
we're going to send down they leave
tomorrow around 8:15
he'll be arriving they'll be landing at
a certain airport in about 14 hours and
I should be getting off the plane so if
you want to set up your military and
you're everything they have a target of
the hits he's fifty people have a target
on this so now all over Syria Iraq still
looking for his fifty guys at the top
top top guys these are the top people
that we have why does he have to say
that first of all it sounds bad to say
fifty 50 sounds like 50 so he didn't
even get good publicity it's sort of
like either you do it don't do it right
but but these are fifty of our absolute
finest why does he have to say that
we're sending out why couldn't he just
said and they go there quietly and they
do their job and there are people
looking because nobody knows that there
is so bad he is so damn bad
we shouldn't have been in Iraq and I
should get points division cause I'm the
only one on the stage now I'm not a
politician thank God is now I am but I
said don't be there was a longtime
Reuters long time ago they said the
delegation to the white house cause I
was getting so much publicity on it to
try and convince me I said but you know
the problems you than a destabilized the
Middle East you have a Rand in Iraq that
are the same in terms of strength and
they fight all the time these people
fight that's what they wanted to they
would have fired the hell are we doing
they fight a rare goes this way for
years later Iraq pushed in this way
being back forth for decades I said if
you knock out one of those elements
including Iran but if you look at one of
those elements the other ones gonna just
take over what do you do there not poker
players they're not just players
anything honestly the politicians who
don't know what they're doing that's
what they're so I said don't go in and I
was right about it they said weapons of
mass destruction they didn't exist and
saddam hussein talked about weapons of
mass destruction and he boasted you know
why because he wanted to scare around I
made sure he didn't want to say so I
couldn't understand cuz you over played
his cards right they end up finding in a
pipe he came a long way from the
castle's to a pipe would do it all over
his face and he's a bad guy but you know
they end up and I figured out why he's
always fighting with Iran and he wanted
to rent to think that he had weapons of
mass destruction so they would be scared
and they wouldn't go all the way
etcetera etcetera nixon's so he couldn't
that's why overplayed his hand he
couldn't not say that and then we ended
up making a big mistake and we've
totally destroyed the Middle East and
and then come Barack Obama and Hillary
and what happened there is now we're in
and he announces another time just like
he did with a 50 so he announces when
we're leaving only got creamed all over
the place just cringe I mean they beat
him all the time you know we don't win
wars and we don't win anything
win wars member I remember when I was
young we never lost a war right now we
lose every time we can't be nice we can
beat anybody we can't make I will
believe me they and it'll be fast it
won't be long it'll be fast cuz I want
to get around to rebuilding our country
believed I will so so you look at what
happens with a he announces that this is
the same thing is with the fifty men
fifty men will be going in the same
thing we will be leaving Iraq on October
31st at 3:30 in the afternoon so what
happens is the enemy since a while
they're leaving the living is great
let's pull back the hell do we have to
get your dinner you read about all the
stories that they want to get guilty
they don't want to go and their families
they don't want their families killed
folks remember that they don't want
their families but they don't get killed
so they pull back Obama leads now we've
spent in Iraq two trillion dollars
thousands of lives wounded warriors all
over the place where I love and we're
gonna take care of
so Obama made a mistake she's totally
predictable he's totally predictable
we're going to send the 50 we're going
to take him out here now if you would
have said we've never taken them out
we're going to build up with even if you
do it and I know the presses USA will Mr
Trump would tell afib he would tell if i
dont tell us why would they ever say
that we're taking the people out when
they took him so now the enemy would say
if it were me I would say we're not
going anywhere as you're going to suffer
for the rest of your life and your
children you graduate everybody and
they're going to say this case frickin
crazy we give up we can we give her
so Obama told them when we're leaving
left and then they go and it's a mess
now and as yours you stay there you know
you know the fact that when you see the
same papers and teamsters announcing but
Iran is taking over iraq Isis is taking
much of the oil which finally were
bombing ok should have kept it but
finally we really did have his mind was
to keep my with the bombing and keep it
ok now a bombing it and somebody else is
gonna get it right so so so pathetic and
you know what I wanted to do with the
proceeds of that oil I wanted to give a
lot of it to the families that suffered
and lost lives are lost their sons and
daughters in Iraq I wanted to give a lot
of it and by the way if you gave each
family a million or two million dollars
that's peanuts you have so much money
left over give them more than that but
you could give them a lot of money
because they suffered and what do we
have for it what do we have for it so I
was gonna give and and this was another
thing people said oh you can't do that
for you can do anything you can do
whatever you want to do you can do
anything you could do anything and I
wanted to give that money a lot of it to
the families that lost sons and
daughters and and to the wounded
warriors who don't have arms and legs
and and their bravery that all of us put
together so anyway so just to finish off
the pole so they said best in the
military and foreign policy I was a
great honor for me because a lot of
people think that I'll be the best in
jobs by far I will be the greatest that
God ever created believe me I'll be good
and they have been messin economy not
liked by 1 point by like 50 points like
like i on one of my think I was at 72
and number two was it nine that's a big
difference and they have be by far by
far best in leadership
so I said let's best on military and
foreign policy if I'm best certain
leadership if I'm best on the economy
what are we having an election for let's
go
you know a couple of things about the
campaign the one thing they did Sam not
as nice a person to some of the other
people and I told the woman and I
actually am a nice person but I told the
woman who said that she said to me mr.
Trump I'm voting for you I love you but
I you nice enough to be president I said
let me tell you something man I'm glad
you voted for me but I am a nice person
believe it or not I'm gonna have a lot
of good relationship but but I will tell
you
specially with the people you know we
have a good relations but I will tell
you this i really believe it doesn't
matter because I think this is going to
be an election based on competence we
need somebody really and I'm really cops
and we need people like Carl Icahn
industrial a great businessman he's
worth a fortune is a great negotiator
one of the great negotiators other
people are into a semi big the biggest
businessman someone heard us we don't
even like to be but they know I'm really
smart I do incredible company remember
when I filed the papers are on his maybe
as companies not as big what turned out
to be much bigger much better much like
they can't believe it you never heard
anything about it since I file they went
down there hundreds of am looking over
the papers oh my God he's really much
bigger than we ever thought he built an
unbelievable company they went down
there they say more people would down
looking at those papers almost a hundred
pages of financials and incredible
company very low debt tremendous cash
flow the press was devastated right
fellas were you devastated they were
down there would
and I tell you that not to brag about my
company cuz it's a private company
nobody knows what I have private
companies beautiful that was really a
big opening for me I mean run for
president it's tough and he's using all
my life I've heard of your very
successful person you can't run for
president I understand what it is
because they make you a lie and they
cheap and they're dishonest you know
many of them many of them I had a story
recently where I went up in the polls
are leading by a lot and the story was
when will trump leave the race like one
of the commentators in the morning good
guy Joe Scarborough he always jokes well
trumped up in the polls that means I
guess he's leaving arrests leaving let
me tell you I'm not leaving folks ever
I'm not ever I'm not leave a woman to
win we're gonna win I think we're gonna
win but you know these pundits who are
worthless
you know george will because I mean
these guys they said he would never run
lot of pretty he's got the personality
of that piece of concrete he goes he
would not run he would then I announced
they're running you will not file his
paper he will file format a format is
the first filing will you sign your life
away then I file for me he goes oh well
you will not find his finances and if he
does they will never be filed on time
because he's probably not as richest
people so I was one of the only ones
have filed ahead of schedule in fact I
have to be honest my financials are so
good that I hadn't really decided on
running as it does take cuts I have to
be honest not the kind of got to those
people had to I just brought up here not
the kind of cuts the Wounded Warriors
have in the vets have a day what I don't
have that cuts those are real guts but
it takes guts to run
it but then he said he won't so they
turned out to be the only reason I
talked about how good my companies is
because that's the kind of mentality we
need running the country and I was
actually you know they will say he'll
never filed as financials because who
knows when they had no idea I was going
to file them even if I didn't run I was
serious about not running to you know I
did you know the famous scene of my
coming down the escalator with my wife
Melania look very beautiful coming down
the escalator we have to you I have one
beautiful first lady that I could and
she's got a great heart and she is
really smart but she's got a great heart
but she's coming down and she's a very
calm person and she's waving beautifully
like this famous scene played all the
time coming down the escalator I think
they play it because she's in the
picture because I'm leaving and she's
just going like this but if you remember
that famous just a wonderful do this I
mean I'm standing up the presses all
over the place
the place was surrounded they will tell
you I've never seen him like the Academy
Awards and I did this I said I could get
deep breath I came down the escalator
and here we are
who would have known this was going to
happen
when I know this is you know and a lot
of things have happened and a lot of
great things that happens it's because
you know I had no idea that I do as well
as we've done this for now the big thing
these same characters that you know that
said I was gonna run now they're saying
well it's only a question of time before
he could see why I was interviewed by
Chuck Todd of meet the press he's a nice
guy and he asked me that question i was
just came out where I was leading
substantially and he said will you get
out of the race and I said to myself
that question ever been asked to a
person that just took the lead you know
it's such a negative question is this
and I made a mistake I said in giving
his couple of months ago we've recovered
from that mistake but I made a mistake i
said im leading now I have the biggest
crowds the biggest everything if for
some reason I went down in the polls I
believe in polls I think you know
there's at least their reflection of
what if for some reason I went down in
the polls and people didn't want to see
me anymore so you have a hundred people
show up when you have a thousand or
2,000 and 5,000 like today or you
wouldn't do well I mean I'm not a
message probably go out and it was a
killer answer you know why next day
truck may leave the race now right
I don't believe and I remember Rand Paul
who's at like 190 they asked him the
question are you leave the race is gonna
leave the race and i have to leave but
they as and I'm not knocking but its
political speak versus somebody that was
never a politician before I'm giving all
the reasons for which Italy but I'm
doing better than a dividend and the
question shouldn't have been asked but I
give all the reasons and actually my
wife's it was a really nice answer was
such an
honest answer I said good I think I
killed ok so what happened
vs Rand Paul he's at one or two
he's leaving otherwise he's not gonna be
senator from Kentucky so they would you
consider leaving absolutely not I will
not leave the race there was no story
they asked a couple of other guys there
at zero you leave the race you know it's
going to zero and have no money other
than that doing very well right now
there are 0 I saw it the other day they
asked Lindsey Graham
to in South Carolina I'm at 38 he's the
sitting senator not think of it they
said senator gramm are you going to
leave the race
absolutely not I will not leave their
eyes
politician I'm not blaming Graham I'm
not blaming Rand Paul but there's no
story I gave an honest answer and I end
up I will not ever leave this race
and you know what
and I'm still number one by a lot so
that's the reason I'm not leaving just a
couple of things I'm gonna talk to you
about a few things and I know it's a
crazy day and with the tragedy yesterday
that was some horrible thing people see
that and they just it's it's terrible to
watch but I love this group of people I
love this area I know this area have
friends here these are amazing
these are the people you built the
country folks who built the country
you've done an amazing but just so you
know because there's been a lot of talk
lately about stances on different things
without me there wouldn't be any talk of
walls there wouldn't be any talk of
immigration illegal immigration
those folks would not have a voice at
all they've been treated horribly
they've been treated so badly probably
worse than anybody I mean you see that
and because of me and I'm very proud of
it immigration is one of the top couple
of subjects may be the top and a lot of
people's minds it's a tough subject and
when you get to Texas it's gotta be a
real subject as you know the ones that
are really I mean I had such a crowd in
Phoenix Arizona they get the brunt of it
you get the brunt of it some people
don't know it as much but when you got
in new hampshire you know they have a
tremendous heroin problem in doing
tremendous beyond anything that you can
believe that it comes over the border so
they're all affect everybody is affected
when you look at the gangs in los
angeles a lot of those gangs are illegal
immigrant visa tough duty by the way
they will be out of this so fast they
will be out of there so fast
they'll be out before I start to off-set
now all fast by the way they will be out
of there so fast we have some of these
tough gangs and they're all illegal
immigrants and those guys got and we're
not going to put him in our jails I know
a lot of people to put him back with
bringing back to the country that came
for let them use their jails ok let them
use their our jails are brimming right
now with people that shouldn't be in our
prison system they'll be in there for
years and years and years and will be
paying for I'm not gonna happen folks
we're bringing them back where they came
and went and when a specific country
sent them over to the United States
because we have among the dumbest people
in the world trading us and we accept
their people
ok when they send them they're not
coming through not with me then I come
in 1954 general eisenhower you been
reading about the shoe nobody even knew
about $1 brought it up is better than
that guy I do that but I probably
couldn't get voted I don't know but it
looks good but in 1954 general
eisenhower I like Ike everybody liked
ike even though is a general everybody
liked him but you know why because
general macarthur was a very special guy
stuff a genius the highest marks in the
history of West Point General Douglas
MacArthur good right and general
macarthur couldn't stand taking orders
from anybody cuz he felt he was superior
to everybody and Ike was a less than
average student at West Point and
because they couldn't understand you
know to this day general douglas
macarthur had the highest marks in the
history of Westport pretty good you know
I'm into the academic thing to be honest
something right
and he couldn't stand but we have
macarthur's and we have we have General
George Patton
by the way what do you think general
patton would do as he's listening Barack
Obama say we are sending tomorrow
morning at nine o'clock fifty people he
would be she's right now spinning in his
grave and so is but eisenhower was a
nice man I like that was a slogan like
mine is make America great again make
America great again how good is that is
that could do I hit that hit it on the
head
you know I've had guys trying to copy
some of the people running against me
use that expression but I had legal
rights to do you believe how good how
good am i at this time so we put them on
notice they weren't allowed to make
America great again the plane was
landing before and the pilot saying
coming and coming and ok you're cleared
to land
make America great again this is from
the control tower
by pilot said mr. trump card that I
wanted to kiss those people make America
great again but I can I trust I like I
could see was a lovable guy he was a
nice guy but despite being a nice guy
they had a problem with a little problem
so they moved out one and a half million
illegal immigrants moved about having a
tremendous jobs you know jobs is a big
thing they're taking jobs from people
that wanna we have a hundred million
people a lot of work this 5.2 percent
unemployment is not to tell what is
written and designed for politicians so
they look good we probably have a 25% we
probably have 25 percent unemployment ok
if you look at the real numbers or I
wouldn't be getting the crowds I'm
getting or I wouldn't be getting the
responses or the polling numbers we
probably have 25% so I like I said his
task force and they moved a lot of
people and they took him and they moved
across the border and they came
immediately back and then they moved him
again and they came back they say this
isn't working then they moved them all
the way south and then never came back
you know now trust up today at order to
do things like that but they didn't even
think about it they should know they're
here illegally she those days they are
here illegally not legally and illegally
everyone says to me lol Riley the other
night he's a great guy but he said to me
had a little argument with me he said
the court system will take you long time
so if somebody walks over the line they
bring them immediately back right now in
our case we don't but you could they
want government you bring it back ok so
they bring back so they walk over the
line a year ago you bring them back
there's no difference if it was three
years ago they're here illegally
here illegally and everybody said on the
anchor baby I was wrong they said if you
have a baby here and I discussed it and
then I can not to be right just the same
thing I could baby Canada baby here if
you're here illegally have a baby now
you can have some court cases but
believe me I would have a president I
guarantee I went on the academic and I
went on this bill because no I don't
want to go through a court system every
time you want to bring an illegal person
I don't want to go I know more about
courts of any human being on a ok and I
don't want to go through a court system
with the lawyers and the problem but the
here illegally now let me tell you what
happened with eisenhower as it gets
mixed reviews now they sell was very
harsh I'm sure wasn't some cases but let
me tell you when they started and this
was serious was it like playing games
like today where everything so
politically correct you know everyone
knows you well we can't do that let's do
this is serious stuff they moved by the
way harry truman moved they say millions
of people out millions harry truman
before I move millions of people nobody
talks about this they say what a bad guy
a.m. how it doesn't work it does work it
does work and I wanted to come back by
the way just so you know I want to make
it clear I wanted to come back but I
wanted to come back legally and if we
need workers for the grapes and I'll say
this is a lot of people say the grapes
grapes and I don't think any of you guys
are going to be picking grapes ok I
really don't think so
wanna be picking the pockets of Wall
Street but not grapes but if we need
some people we can bring people in on
work visas have to go out if you needed
for the farms if you need them badly
you're bringing to go to go out to be
here legally they gotta be early so
here's what happened in the case of ice
and they move people they move people
and they moved about you know what
happened with the people that didn't get
caught whatever you know what happened
themselves they move themselves away to
come to us next week
jumped out of a month they almost back
millions of people out there they left
of their own volition not that stupid
Romney's stuff was self deportation I
mean how they're going to self deport oh
yeah right then you wonder why he lost
but this is something where many of them
once the system started and once they
saw there was no games they moved him
out now today we have things like
e-verify employer wassup sorry I can't
do it I used e-verify and most of my
jobs I have thousands and thousands of
employees I have hired tens of thousands
of employees many Hispanic over these
many many different as many from mexico
today many many employees from the great
but I have and I think to be it's very
important e-verify so now I find out all
the legal now if they can't get a job to
move on out there gonna move that nobody
has 200 soldiers began to move out so
simple but a politician's a politician
doesn't know what they're all talk and
no action all they know how to do is get
re-elected that's all they're not
and when you see all the problems are
not going to have that kind of gonna
have a lot of winning gonna be doing a
lot of winning I'm telling we're gonna
win everything we start we're gonna win
cuz I went my whole life that's why it
always bothers me that she had a great
time and he's done really well but he
doesn't really want to be president you
know I'm doing this for my health ok I
came to Texas at twelve o'clock in the
afternoon because I wanted I want to do
this I i want the end result somebody
said well why you doing it and I said
because I honestly believe that the
american dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and better and stronger
than ever before I really believe that I
really but I really believe so if you
look at Rubio he was a member of the
gang and that they and Rubio want
honesty give everybody he's just so you
understand jesse anderson lightweights
these are not people that can take us to
the promised land then I like him very
much as well as a member of the gang of
a gang of eight you know that was that
was a group that just wanted people to
flow ok member of the gang of a sad when
his poll numbers went down he all of a
sudden became a nun member of the gang
of eight so Rubio is weak weak on
illegal immigration week on the amnesty
once everybody
can't do it Carson very very weak on
immigration very very very weak whatever
he wants worse he wants a path to
citizenship for people that came into
the country they give it they come in
illegally now they've become one of the
problems with that is we have right now
we have right now
millions of people wanting to come into
the country and they've done it through
legal channels they've done it right
through legal channels and we've gotta
be fair to those people also so just in
a nutshell on immigration because I know
how important it is for texts we're
gonna have a wall gonna be a great
product that people can walk over to
climb of this is gonna be a serious wall
and it's going to be built at the right
course mexico is going to pay for the
wall believe they gonna pay for their
going to pay for it to get the bad ones
out really fast I mean so fast and the
rest gonna have to happen and everyone's
gonna be happy in the end
people are going to be happy to have
jobs were gonna do a great job would be
fair to do it with a very very big heart
it's going to be done humanely remember
that it's going to be done
digest to finish off and wanna just cuz
I wanted to really hard on that a little
bit the immigration because it's so
important in such a big factor and has
become such a big factor in the race i'm
proud of it but we are going to
negotiate great deals I mentioned Carl
Icahn before I'm going to use the
smartest we have the smartest people
have the best people we have the best
minds with the best business minds we
don't use a wheeze political hacks we
used people that put money into a super
PAC and they end up getting jobs because
they gave a couple of bucks to a super
PAC and the super PACs by the way I
don't have super PACs
i turn i said i dont wanna super PACs
are controlling your senators they're
controlling every candidate will only do
what's right for those people that gave
them money
the donors the special-interest those
are the only people believe me they
control the politicians nobody's give me
any money other than the small donors
where frankly if people send in 25 min
$50 I have to take the money because
it's not that it's a lot of money if you
send that money back its so in so how do
you send it back we don't want your
money so I take small donation small and
I say that's fine because that's like an
investment in the country but it's
peanuts but I don't think anybody
putting my own money funding my own
campaign I'm spending a fortune
and and I am spending but so far I have
spent that much so far
listen to this one is just at that some
people I can some people say maybe it
doesn't sound good but I like the
business people like it so far I've
spent less money than anybody else and
I've had the best result of anybody else
right and that beautiful that p.m.
large body of the best result and that's
what I like and that's what it be nice
if we could do that with a country we
spent less money in education we spend
more money than any other country by
double and triple and yet rated number
28 in the world we have nations that you
wouldn't believe ahead of us we have
nations that you wouldn't believe so
we're going to win on trade we're going
to take our jobs back we're gonna bring
jobs into the country we're gonna be
china we're gonna beat Japan was gonna
do great with mexico we gonna do
wonderfully with that horrible I ran
back I love to renegotiate deals ok but
we gotta take that horrible deal the
worst deal I've ever seen negotiated
with an end
Obamacare will determine
we're going to terminal
what time and we're going to replace it
with something that's far better far
less expensive for you and for the
country we're going to replace it with
something that's really good and the
insurance companies will not like me
because right now they are making a
fortune and your rates are you are
getting your premiums doubling and
tripling their doubling and tripling day
going up 45 55 60 percent nobody knows
what's happening the insurance companies
they backed Obama they're making a
fortune I couldn't care less about the
insurance company to jail so we're going
to start winning again we're gonna wind
so much I sometimes joke I say you
didn't win so much you're gonna get sick
of winning but the chances we never get
sick of winning we never get sick of
winning we're gonna wind so not gonna be
so proud of this country you get to be
so proud of your president and I love
you all make America great again thank
you thank you
thank you