we love you we love you
amazing you know one of the reporters
just ask me why don't you do town hall
meetings I said because we have now the
equivalent of you know there's another
room this size where it's fact also so
we have five thousand people had added
we do town halls will be doing about 200
today and we still will be able to catch
up but I want to thank everybody special
people
special place we've had such an
incredible journey since you remember
june sixteenth since june sixteenth the
famous escalator ride and we just got
back from iowa and i want to tell you
they're great people in iowa and I love
them she says you know I'll tell you we
really did you know I started off and it
was very interesting very interesting
little think it's a coffee system which
is a much more difficult system I don't
say better and it's a weird but
certainly more difficult and we started
off and when I announced on June 16
there was seventeen people I had
registered I hadn't been put in polls so
I didn't know what was going to happen
and in Iowa they said don't go to iowa
you don't play in Iowa me and I said why
I know people and I was a great people
they should know it's not gonna work and
you go there's not gonna work so I said
I have to do it I want to go there and I
went there and I think we didn't really
well we did really well
and they said if you get in the top 10
you'd be lucky and actually came out the
first time was like number 10 and then
it went to eight and went to five and we
finished number two and frankly had I
known we could have finished number two
maybe I would have spent more time there
I would have taken a day or two off from
here but that wouldn't have been good
but you know it's a lot of interesting
is a very proud of this I skipped the
debate because I wasn't treated properly
door nor was I was properly and you know
when our country is did read it properly
we have to behave that way also just so
you understand when you not treated like
his supposed to be treated you have to
remember
so what happened what happened is I did
and then I said you can't do that and
they had it we could have broken the
world record we would have broken debate
that we did the first one that 24
million people really I think it was
even more than that
after final cap and I think this thing
would have had probably 26 228 229
million people but you couldn't do it
and I'll tell you I am so happy I didn't
do it because in one hour we raised six
million dollars for the vets six men we
raised sixty million for them and if you
told me I could have finished first if I
did the debate or second plus six
million for the vets I'll take the six
million for the vets day
so we got the biggest vote I just
looking at statistics here we got the
biggest vote ever in the history of a
primary and Iowa
by like sixty thousand people came out
extra I'm not gonna say that was made
but believe me it was me you know two
nights ago i three nights ago one of the
candidates that are running against
highly-respected was here and they had
two hundred and fifty people so we have
five thousand that should be a good sign
that's like our poll that's like an
automatic poll so that I got the vote
that I got was other than the one vote
because we had so many people was the
biggest vote in the history of Iowa
Republican caucus have been the biggest
in the history of Iowa for a republican
cause you know when you think amazing
thing is the press that all of them
somewhere great somewhere saying came in
second day started off in 10 that he
came in second but with me that only his
second I'd like to his second that much
either to be totally but one poll came
out that said I was leading by 45 points
and I guess you know coming second in
the headlines were trumped comes in
second he's humiliated seventeen people
will be cited now you have eleven I come
in second humiliated you know you have
you have to think of it
people ever ever so Marcos a nice guy
Marco Rubio nice guy and he comes in
third right and all of a sudden he comes
in third he's a senator does this stuff
for a living is a professional
politician he comes in third I come in
second drop no good
Rubio unbelievable night unbelievable
unbelievable thank you gotta think of
this and then they said he's very very
close he's very close so he's good maybe
I think it's about a difference of
almost 3,000 votes that's a lot that's a
lot of votes but you know for Iowa that
a lot of us live like 25 26 and some
large amount of
but he came in second the headline is
winner of the night
Marco Rubio drop humiliated didn't do
that well and I'm saying that comes in
third and he's a professional politician
at IBM by you know a lot how come the
guy that comes in third business typical
reporter the media the worst people ever
the person that comes in third on many
of the networks is being covered like
it's one of the great victories in the
history of politics in this country and
the person that's not a professional
politician on the job creator I build
great companies that build great
buildings I do a lot of great things
I've employed can I I don't do this crap
I deployed tens of thousands of people
over the years I'm so proud of the
company has built an unbelievable
company in fact they went to check it
when I did the filing with the FEC
federal elections they were see all
those cameras back their trip alone they
were down though they were gonna find
first they said I'll never run right
then that he said he'll never file
format a format is where you signed your
life away you give them everything the
family the doghouse you give up the
world they should have never file format
then they sell for me
announced that it believed it then they
should one who never file as financials
and if he did he lists for the
extensions because you can get an
extension that goes through ever I don't
want an extension I told one of the big
accounting firms one of the best firms
in the world one of the biggest most
respected I said listen to get these
done I felt almost a hundred pages
bigger than anything ever filed with
federal election by far
you know these politicians they put one
page in the need five extensions ok you
know why they're afraid somebody knows
about the cash they've been taken to
want to be careful ok they want to be
careful I want to be
politicians all talk no action so what
happens I love you too darling so what
happens is I go in ifile and come back
and I don't believe the company's much
bigger much better some of the greatest
assets in the world buildings in
Manhattan Bank of America building big
chunk and San Francisco some of the
greatest at sister Marion Scotland where
they play the British Open so many
different great assets Doral in Miami
Beach hundreds of acres in miami beach
you know darrell so many and they're
looking at this low debt very little
debt almost no debt so this low debt
tremendous cash flow and some of the
greatest assets in the world and the
number is through the roof and I'm not
saying that to be braggadocio some
saying because that's the kind of
thinking we need in this country our
country is going to hell
going to have so the president goes down
and they see it and it was such a dud
they were devastated they thought this
trip is it you know they all said I
wouldn't file and I wouldn't run because
maybe I'm not as rich as people think
that's what the hell was that
and wonder if this can only happen at a
truck rally what you know that could be
a way we get him to turn the cameras
right I let the cameras don't have and
what the press will never ever ever
report is the crowds they don't do it
they reported for birdie they said the
other day recently I had 12,000 people
he had three thousand people they said
birdies centers had an amazing crowd of
3,000 people I had 12,000 when it's my
turn to go on trial
speech today front of a crowd it is so
dishonest and I have friends at the
reporters and they tell me they can't
report the truth they cannot report that
they told what to do and if you happen
to be a nice our side of the equation
for the most part just very dishonest
just very dishonest so what I do like is
when that man holds up that John oh by
the way I should reprimand him because
you know member when I took a lot of
heat remember that somebody said
something that wasn't that nice to our
president and they said Donald Trump did
not defend the president would have hit
defend me think it depends so they said
Donald Trump did not defend the
president had I said ok so they said I
should have defended him and I should
have done something so sir you're
reprimanded ok so we're not throwing him
out folks right when I throw so I put in
these statements and they've been great
and and I tell you because I probably
would have filed them even if I didn't
want you know it takes guts to run for
president really does it takes guts
it takes guts especially you know if
you're a politician you run and you run
and you lose and you win and you run so
they do with us it takes courage but we
needed one of us we have to do it we
have to do it this so many things that
are wrong so I wanted to just tell you
and I feel so good and by the way while
I have to have all those cameras gonna
have to take care of a couple of things
for the veterans Carl Icahn great
businessman he'll put him in charge of
negotiating with China will stop their
five hundred billion dollar trade
deficit I can tell you right now I can
tell you right now but I have to say
that good guy tough guy smart guy that's
the kind of people we want is worth
billions of dollars doesn't want
anything he'd love to represent we put
him in charge of let's say China let's
say Japan let's say one or two countries
probably one cause we have some great
people we have the greatest negotiators
in the world we have the smartest
business people in the world we don't
use them we used political hacks were
used people that don't have a clue we
used people that got the job because
they give campaign contributions to
these guys they get their job and they
don't give a damn about the country they
care about themselves and the subtle way
it's going to work okay carl icahn great
business man cave 500,000 to the vets
now this was when I was supposed to be
up debating
big deal this was what I was supposed to
be up to bed we have steve roth friend
gave fifty thousand we have the Fisher
family gave 75,000 Bridget left 400,000
donald Trump Donald Trump gave one
million dollars we have a rich guy from
New York City a friend of mine I can't
believe it
this guy was the worst braggart I've
ever seen if he gave money he wanted his
name up in lights and all of a suddenly
became like please please don't tell my
name please i'm saying why does loaded
by the way why he said because they've
changed see people can change people can
change I said you really don't want to
know about like so I said look if you
know what my name it I won't so I just
called rich guy from new york city one
million dollars for the events of one of
the great business been in this country
Mr Phil Ruffin and his incredible wife
gave from Las Vegas and lots of other
places got plenty of places he gave one
million dollars to the vet says that
great I wrote a letter from Marvel you
know they do the great movies I think
he's got like five of the greatest
grossing movies of all time he's a great
geniuses wife is incredible lowering
$1,000,000 to the vets ok not great down
and there are many more
there are many more so I just want to
tell you that that was such an amazing
it was just such an amazing thing and I
call these people say could you give a
half a million one of them said to me I
should could you give these are really
successful people I say could you give a
half-million he goes no I won't give a
million I said ok I'll take a right on
behalf of the vets outside
so we have a lot of good things
happening so the whole experience and I
was great the only prob is depressed
didn't treat me right instead of saying
you did really well you didn't do too
much over the IBM focus here that have
been focused here and South Carolina by
the way very much but they said instead
of saying unbelievable job they said it
was disappointing third-place was
fantastic but it was a little too so was
one of those so I I had a good time I
learned a lot of made a lot of good
friends at night when they're really
they are great people
one other thing I have to say because
we're all lot of us are business people
we want to make our country great again
such a great thing is that is that the
greatest of all themes that's what it is
somebody said what are you going to do
for the country and I said to myself you
not have a lot of time here there's a
radio person and we by the way do it
howie carr his erroneous someplace where
is how a where is Howie Howie where the
hell are you
is he a great guy we love how a car
right we love how he can win love Tom
Brady we love Tom Brady right now we
love coach bella Jack don't worry I'm
telling you is the greatest guy ever
lose but tom is a great friend of mine
he's a great guy said the nicest things
about me you know in massachusetts my
poll numbers went up like 25 points they
went up to 48 or 50 one-hour sup because
Tom Brady said Trump is great that's
good you know you don't often get too
many people that say something nice well
as a positive impact but tom is in that
category so where is howie carr the
legendary house because he's here he's
got that radio going he has been so nice
to me thank you how a guys so here's the
final on that whole thing in terms of
money spent to provoke right right in
stats stats money spent for a vote I was
almost the last and i was just something
nice about that you know there's
something nice about that you know as an
example of the campaign not gonna spend
a lot of money it's all my own self
funding can you believe this and I'll
tell you something folks let me just
tell you cuz I said it before I told it
to the president make it a big story
probably they would make everything and
then they change it but that's ok I told
the precious we had a press conference I
said I'll be honest with you I don't
think that I have gotten the proper
credit for the fact that I'm so funny I
don't really I have turned down if I
wanted you know bush has a hundred and
twenty eight million dollars ago I mean
we have been better off just taken the
money throwing it out a window or
something but if you look at if you look
at Ted Cruz he's got tremendous money
from the oil companies gonna take care
of the oil companies to take care of
Wall Street even though it did reporters
he's gonna take care of if you look at
some of these people although they all
have money so and restore from wall
street is from oil it's from different
things now those people are a hundred
percent going to like a little puppet
gonna take care of those interest with
me I have no but i just want to do the
right thing
why I said something at the press
conference that I don't think they knew
what the hell I was talking about some
respond but some of these guys are dumb
as a rock and I you know you know when
this man lifted up the sign I like that
for one reason because they had to move
the cameras around the show the crowd ok
that's the only way they see the crowds
as well we have if we have protesters
died 11 fact sometimes I actually think
about doing it I'm gonna set my
protesters up in corners of rooms
because those cameras never moved from
my face because they don't want to show
how many people I have they don't wanna
showed some movement we have a movement
going folks we have hope I have to be
honest and I want to thank him before I
just before it's too late but Scott
Brown for him to come up and call and
say I love what you doing I love will
you going he loves this area and he
loves you people for him to endorse me
is a very important thing so wherever
the house got it right it's a very very
important and I've had other great
import just great ones do you know jerry
falwell junior
fantastic Liberty University the job is
done Sarah Palin gave us a tremendous
endorsement romantic and you know gave
me great endorsement that you people are
really going to like his everybody likes
this
Sheriff Joe from Arizona sheriff Joe you
know when Sheriff Joe gives you an
endorsement you know you're the king of
the border right you know all these
other guys that I'm competing against
their own and women they're all coming
up there are coming up in this thing
when I originally announced I talked
about illegal immigration
if I didn't bring it up and did I take
key if I didn't bring it up it wouldn't
even be a subject right now and then all
of a sudden and I was gone I said this
campy like this you can't go on like
this for months and months no human
being can take this amount of incoming
no human being
and they were just going after me and
they said it's terrible and then after
about two three weeks people such as
opposed now they're coming then all of a
sudden four weeks five weeks go by then
you see the kind of tremendous crime
that's been committed by the people that
come into our country illegally
tremendous crime then you have the
killing of Kate beautiful Kate and
centrist iska then you had the killing
of Jameel the woman you have the killing
of the woman a 65 year old veteran who
was raped sodomized and killed by an
illegal immigrant and that's three
people that's you have to see what's
going on you have to see what's going
how bad it is not only that the economy
and I want people to come into the
country but I want them to come in they
have to come in legally right legally
they have to come in legal so we have
all of these endorsements their
incredible endorsements but I do have to
say one of the gentlemen that compete
against my wife is watching television
the other day and she's listening to
this guy boring falling asleep keep
falling asleep
it's like a sleeper and he said I won't
use the name because I don't want to
embarrass anybody he said he said and we
will build a wall she said darling
premier listen you just said you know
who the hell ever heard of building a
wall except for me so now that they
don't give us credit when I said in Iraq
when I said take the oil right foot four
years I've been saying take the oil then
after those horrible Paris attacks all
of a sudden they said we will take the
oil the problem is that for years late
and what I said take the oil I meant
take it they mean blow it up i mean take
it take it and give some of the profits
to our wounded warriors give some of the
profits to the vet and the families that
have lost people in Iraq
have been saying that I've been saying
that for years
take the oil and you know it and they
just did it but they're not doing it
right you know they don't want to bomb
the oil because it would be
environmentally it would be a pollution
event it would be an event of pollution
as they say it will add to the carbon
footprint do you believe is the way we
fight our was Scott you think general
douglas macarthur used to have the
carbon footprint in mind when he bombed
the hell out of right
General Patton did he think the carbon
footprint general pack you have a
mention the carbon footprint smack in
the face and say what do you know I i
mean I actually heard this I'm not sure
I believe it but I think I believe it
they said one of the reasons we're not
bombing the oil is because they don't
want that pollution going up into the
atmosphere I made it the whole thing is
ridiculous
don't forget we have a president that
thinks that global warming is many
things this global warming that wasn't
working so well there's right climate
change this extreme weather the new on
his extreme weather because you how can
you miss with extreme weather even if
it's nice you say it's extreme because
it shouldn't be this site you know that
global warming is really bad it was just
not work then they went climate change
and that was better but extreme weather
is like perfect and we have a president
that talks about the biggest enemy of
the united states right the biggest
number one enemy is
is he calls it level is global warming
climate change
no one of those things he doesn't know
eenie meenie miney mo whatever whatever
the way now and let let me just tell you
so climate change and the carbon
footprint so he says for Christmas or
whatever he wants to go christmas by the
late Merry Christmas don't you want to
say Merry Merry Christmas we're gonna
bring Christmas back we're gonna bring
it back
Merry Christmas Happy Holidays we're
gonna bring it back you see these
departments you can't say Merry
Christmas anymore don't shop there
you'll say Merry Christmas again very
quickly but but for Christmas but for
Christmas celebrates he gets into a
Boeing a very very old it's cold air
force one a very very old Boeing 747
with the old engines feeling knowing
carbon and every other thing I don't
think it happens during the year
personally but that's ok so these old
engines are spewing into the atmosphere
I think about the carbon footprint but
he's only going to Hawaii so he's gone
from Washington to know why he's gonna
play golf like so many times he plays
golf that people on the PGA Tour you
know that they admire him they say if
they could play that much they'd be even
better players so he's taken the Boeing
747 flying to Hawaii you know how long
that is all the engine seized of the big
old engines spewing fumes he's over
there for two or three weeks playing
golf he then gets back
hops in the plane flies back to watch it
when he comes back and he talks about
global warming up somehow I think that I
Russia radical islamic Paris right from
north korea I think that that's a bigger
threat to global warming right now
ok global warming we should be fairing
folks is global warming caused by
nuclear weapons and it will not smart
that's what's gonna happen we better get
really top really smart really vigilant
have a problem we better stop playing
games believe me we better stop playing
games
so we become the policemen to the entire
world they pass peanuts we take care of
Japan lot of people don't even know his
deals we make if we are attacked
somebody at access would you rather have
trumpets president of were attacked will
beat the shit out of them anybody
attacks you know I speak in a potential
cause he hates Obama so much food he
said Donald Trump is a genius and he's
the real leader over in that country and
these people that I'm negotiating with
all the time these people in the states
with me they said you should disavow
what Putin of Russia said i said im not
disavowing that he called me a genius
are you crazy
don't worry I can't be seduced but
wouldn't it be nice if you think about
it would be nice if we actually got
along with Russia and others and we can
use them to knock out ice is with us so
that maybe we don't always have to pay
for it knocked the hell out of but let
them drop some of their bombs that cost
a million dollars apiece let them use
some of their weapons that caused
billions and billions of dollars let
them beat the shit out of Isis also
right right
raised by the way I have to say thank
you I love looking out out my number one
that a bet is out taking good care of
you if he doesn't take care of you I
will say out you're fired a great guys
become my friend and i'm taking care of
them I told you before going to build a
military so great so strong
nobody's gonna mess with us nobody's
going to mess with don't forget jeb bush
and Hillary Clinton both the same day
this if i dont like Donald Trump stone
now that day three heads were chopped
off in the middle east you worried about
my tone but don't forget this is
important I'm the one that didn't want
to go and read Iraq and beat the hell
out of records are you going to
destabilize the entire Middle East and
that was Reuters in 2004 and before that
Reuters 2004 I said don't do it you're
going to destabilize that's exactly what
happened we have destroyed what happened
is the Middle East is totally
destabilized array which made one of the
great deals ever with a hundred and
fifty billion dollars they're gonna make
nuclear weapons taken to self inspect
how about that
itself inspect listen we here is our
president we hear you're making nuclear
weapons would you please check the area
and call me back tomorrow
President Obama I give you my word I
give you my word we have just self
inspected we are not going to ever ever
make nuclear weapons in those areas and
then the guys going right and then they
have the other not only self inspection
but then they have the other twenty four
day period so we think that making
nuclear weapons we have to inform them
that clock starts ticking maybe in a
month or two months or five months
before the 24 days kitchen right so this
could go on forever in the meantime they
clean up the shadow 24 days wouldn't be
enough to clean up anything 24 days
right and and and the floor battleship
grey so when we walk in we sell nothing
is happening here so to get 24 days this
is the dumbest agreement I think I've
ever seen done by your man he's up from
this area
carey is he the worst negotiating I hear
he wants to run for president if Hillary
gets put in prison that's what I hear
you know what he can't run for president
that deal is so bad why would I love to
run just that one day I don't have to
talk about how else he's messed up that
hill is so bad what we love to run
against Kerry just with the deal all we
have to do we paid a hundred and fifty
billion dollars for 450 billion now the
most amazing thing you wouldn't have
started anybody in this audience no not
anybody but 95% you would have walked in
you would have said we want to preserve
his back this is like four years ago
this thing is the longest-running deal
ever see you would have said I wanna
prisoners they would have said no no no
you would have left you would have
doubled up the sanctions they would have
called you back almost immediately and
they would it take you prisoners right
we have a presence then you make sure
the prisoners have landed the prisoners
now have landed this is the art of the
deal but the prisoners have landed now
you go in a second time and you say
fellows here I like to take the lumps of
my father was used to sign you too tough
fight a Kindle upset as a ok pop
nice so instead of saying we're not
giving you a hundred and fifty billion
dollars that would do stuff you know to
challenge II you said this way a problem
we own nineteen billion dollars our
stupid people in washington just
approved a budget three weeks ago how
about that budget they're getting
everything you know Obama is a horrible
negotiator except when it comes to
negotiating with the republicans he's a
genius at negotiating with the
republicans he's horrible with the ran
with russia along with China Japan but
with the republicans he gets everything
it wants we send these people there you
know I don't mind the democrats because
we know where they're coming from but we
said the republicans to get rid of
Obamacare they got to get rid of a
hundred different things they got to cut
the budget thinking about the budget
they going to do all these things right
they go there what happens what happens
you know I tell the story they walk into
the beautiful halls of Congress they
work and they see the Capitol building
and they look up in this is a beautiful
ceiling and they see the columns ago so
hi beautiful marble and they say a leash
or Jim Callis let's use our search for
the Dallas we've arrived we've made it
now if made it and then they say they go
interest rates do you approve an
extension of above right Obamacare do
you approve an extension of Obamacare
yes sir yes sir it's disgusting it's
disgusting and by the way I have been
opposed to Obamacare from the day they
conceived it and Ted Cruz comes out with
an ad that I'm in favor of Obamacare can
you believe this just like he did with
Carson Carson he said
left iowa he's out of the Rays vote for
him did you hear about this one piece he
said he left Iowa cousins that nice guy
been so bad
is all of a sudden getting calls that he
quit the race these guys said he quit
the race is gun is out
votes to him what kind of people we did
it with additions and made up liar
honestly and made up stories made up
source everybody in here many of you
know me from day 1 I've been talking
about going to repeal and replace
Obamacare from day one
now we're going to do if you remember so
apart from day 1 I've been saying repeal
and replace Obamacare I've been talking
about the five billion dollar website
that never worked for years right
all of a sudden I see an ad or something
donald Trump is in favor of Obamacare
people calling you are against it that's
too bad these are dishonest people these
politicians these are worse than real
estate people in New York I'm telling
you now know these are truly desirous
people that he said ben Carson has quit
the race the day of the election ben
Carson during a caucus then Carson has
quit the race and didn't get to race in
other words ben Carson quit and let me
have your kind of crap is just and then
he makes up the thing that says like its
on a government document voter violation
it says on top just like it comes right
out of government municipal motor
violation and it talks about it gives
grades EF EF EF EF EF intruder but it
says you can go vote but you gotta go
vote for him and people are afraid that
I'm in violation I have to go and what
kind of people of these people and then
the attorney general in iowa is
investigated but by that time they're
all gone the election's over what kind
of people do we have running for office
now it's honestly really really just
honest and I think I know why you know
why because he was born in Canada was
happened to be a problem that happens to
you watch the democrats they've already
said they could assume he gets the
nomination they're gonna sue his ass off
actually going to sue the country but
they're going to sue him and that's a
pick-me-up I wanted to mention one other
thing because in Iowa well we're talking
about so price of her head
pro-vote leading the pack ladies and
gentlemen with the bush
how did you know nobody's got 1% or 2%
leading the pack demand that spent the
most money per vote the legendary jet
push with a number of this is per vote
no but you know so far
2800 and $84 per vote you know you
could've won the election just promised
everybody a thousand bucks and you could
have wanted you want to save money right
you were the one you want to save a lot
of money so jet my spent almost three
thousand dollars a vote that's gotta be
a record right is that in the Guinness
Book would you check to get his book you
have others with tremendous numbers of
Marco spent a lot almost $300 of but at
least you had a pretty good result he
came in third
no no he had a fantastic result
unbelievable unbelievable came in third
the guy that came in second of terrible
terrible night dishonest people
this is look at his numbers so hundreds
and hundreds of dollars into jet pay
close to $3,000 or so who is one of the
lowest up just about the lowest lowest
the great donald Trump Louis by the way
I'm very proud of the fact that I have
spent less money than just about anybody
else on the campaign and I'm going to
start spending a lot for two reasons
right number one I don't want to take
any chances
number two I feel guilty because when
jeff is now spent two hundred and
nineteen million are some ridiculous
number and much of it is sort of earmark
to me
ends they can't be very good because
every time he takes an at my numbers go
up it's a crazy deal but but I sped
nationally I'm leading every poll in the
state I mean honestly other than I which
was the weakest when I had but in the
state of leading the state's leading
here tremendously but every single
national poll I'm waiting and just about
I think every state poll of leading so I
spent the least and I have the best
reason right
now have spared like Jeb like a couple
of others they've spent the most and
have the worst result can you put them
in charge of this we have a school
system we are getting rid of Common Core
by the way and we are preserving
education in the United States is the
most expensive per pupil in the entire
world right
the most expensive in the entire world
and there is no second place because
it's so much lower its ridiculous Norway
Denmark Sweden China visa like the top
four or five places for education when
number thirty I used to say 28 right we
just went up two notches when our number
thirty in the world we spend the most
reputable by far and we have the worst
education by fog so we're now number
thirty and we spend the most wouldn't it
be nice if they did like Trump where I
spend the least and I have the best
results when the pickup now so that's
what I mean our budget they said we are
working on the budget and we think
within 25 years we can balance the
budget twenty-five years twenty-five
years these are serious people they said
25 years the balance of a i'm talking
about doing it relatively quickly and I
mean we're gonna have a better country
we're gonna better service we're going
to get rid of the waste fraud abuse all
of the fall of the waste a disgusting
waste and the fraud you look at the
Veterans Administration take a look at
what's happening in Phoenix Arizona it's
one of the great fraudulent scams you've
ever seen the veterans administration
within a take such great care of them
it what's going on is unbelievable and
we're gonna make our country so strong
and so solid I said the other day we
gonna make a country rich again in a
woman said mr. Trump that doesn't sound
I said those were rich where debtor
nation that horrible budget I told you
about a little while ago that's worth
two trillion dollars that takes care of
our border letting everyone in that
Obama wants to come in that takes care
of the Syrian refugees who would never
get a lot of folks I have a big heart
but when never letting them and we don't
know who they are we don't know where
they come from
it's not going to happen it's not gonna
happen and anybody and everybody that
comes in I want everybody to know we
have to send them back we cannot take
chances we can't afford it we can't
afford to make mistakes like that you
know we have the two people that were
radicalized probably she radicalized him
the married couple great who in
California killed 14 people with money
very badly injured right we didn't know
this we didn't know anything about it we
had Paris where they have the toughest
gun laws in the world the toughest
because within a preserve our 2nd
Amendment we're not touching that second
remember unless we're gonna make it
strong unless you will make it too
strong so Paris has the toughest gun
laws in the world right that toughest in
the world you can't have a gun unless
you're a bad guy no problem so these
disgusting thugs working to various
places and start shooting people bomb
bomb bomb move over a hundred and thirty
people dead many people so gravely
injured that they will be done they're
gonna be dying dying now and other
people get a little light but they're
going to live a life in hell because
they're so horribly injured now if we
had a few people in this room I can look
at that guy right this mean we had a few
of the people you you you let me pick a
woman
you and if somebody had a gun on their
belt or somebody had a gun wrapped
around their ankle and those bullets
started coming out you know you see they
were going to and you shoot a lot of
them folks that's the only form its are
its former protection
you wouldn't have the carnage that you
had there how about the military base
five great young soldiers a gun-free
zone one of the soldiers is a world
class marks one of the best in the world
they're all top of the line soldiers
they're told to take their guns put on
two hundred yards away
seal a whack job walks in these five
great beautiful soldiers smart
tremendous future this wack job walks in
and blow them away
kills all five of them that was it
because you know when these crazy people
see gun free zone that's like saying
candy to a baby right that's candy too
baby so we're gonna protect our second
amendment to protect ourselves we are
not touching our 2nd Amendment and it's
under siege they're playing now with
bullets they're playing now with
magazines they're playing with a lot we
are going to protect our 2nd Amendment
remember that
so when I started and when this all
began on june sixteenth coming down the
escalator it was all about Border
Protection and speaking of Border
Protection and called her she has been
such a great help to me where is where
is and where the hell are you stand up
in court she is Daniel she is so great
right
a Dios amigo is that right best-seller
right ok she is so great she's been so
supportive of us she wants border
security she wants people to come into
the country legally she wants people to
come and after coming through a process
but there's nobody stronger and the
subject is that right and I love the
book I read the book go out and buy the
book everybody hi great person she's a
great she's a great person so when I
started this whole deal come down and I
talked about that I talked about
Obamacare repeal again I talked about
the military I talked about the vets I
talked about social security because
we're gonna save us social security and
I talked about trade I talked about
trade like nobody else to talk about it
when Carl Icahn endorses me and many of
the best business be men in the world
and women they want to ask me I said
don't bother nobody knows who that you
are true you know not like the Great
Scott Brown nobody knows who they are
but they're the best business people in
the world so when they endorse me and we
use them good I talked about trade China
is making a fortunate we can't do it in
Vietnam Japan Mexico both at the border
and with trade you have to see what's
the biz go moving the big plant from
chicago into Mexico for building one of
the biggest auto plants in the world two
and a half billion dollar at a plant in
mexico what the hell are we doing what
are we doing we're bringing back jobs
now we have a case
corporate version where companies used
to move like from here to Florida or
from here
here to taxes or from Texas to hear now
we have a problem now we have companies
that want to move to Florida to Texas
they don't want to move to new hampshire
point have you taken a beating by the
way you talk about companies leaving you
like a prime example what they've done
to you is incredible but we're gonna
bring up that we're going to make it so
they come back so now we have corporate
inversion where companies like Pfizer
Pfizer to rate companies are moving
outside of the United States because
taxes are too high by the way my bill
and larry cudlow and so many others I
think it's great i put in tax policy
big big cuts for the middle class the
middle class in this country has been
decimated big big cuts for business we
are the highest tax nation in the world
big big cuts right now and it's gonna
pass it's going to go through and get
things done that's what I do I get
things done I do with politicians all my
life will get it passed will get it
passed so I used to talk about that and
then when we had that horrible event in
Paris and we had a horrible event as you
know in california and we had many other
horrible of it I brought up the fact
that we have to now start talking
seriously about radical Islamic
terrorism we gotta talk about it and I
said it I don't just like happened with
the illegal immigration I said it was
heat two weeks later was coming over and
now they're all trying to be tougher
than me nobody could be done but there
are trying to be tougher than me so now
I talked about the whole situation there
is such hatred of their people are
flying airplanes into the World Trade
Center what people are doing all of
these acts not just here all over the
world and I have friends in Muslim they
call me they say you have done a great
service there is tremendous hatred you
cannot solve a problem like that unless
you start talking about we have a
president that will not even discuss it
or talk
about it will use the words he won't say
radical Islamic terrorism it's real it's
a problem and you can't solve the
problem unless you going to be able to
talk about so we've had tremendous
I took a lot of heat and now everybody
is saying thank you so much and it's
under discussion it's a big big problem
and you know what we're gonna get itself
one way the other was gonna get itself
but we can no longer be this stupid
country we can no longer be the country
that's led by incompetent people we can
no longer be the country that takes
Bergdahl a traitor traitor and take him
and take him and swap him for five of
the biggest killers that they have in
the Middle East that they've covered it
and wanted for a period of at least nine
years so make of it
weekend and they get these five killers
that are already back in the battlefield
trying to kill everything in front of
them including us we're not making deals
like that anymore folks when I make it
is like
just to finish off you have to see the
cover of Time magazine last week
amazing amazing cover amazing writer I
never spoke to you know I do better when
I don't speak to the writers when I
speak to him they kill me this was a tie
all given that magazine throated up here
coming week about our majority it's
really not the right its majority people
are angry they're upset they're there
they can't even believe that this stuff
is happening they can't believe it we
are going to make our country's so
strong we're gonna make it so just and
we can have a big heart who gonna take
care of people we gotta take care of
people there are people that can't take
care of themselves
gonna help people but we're gonna make
our country so good with you start
winning we're gonna win with health care
we're gonna win with our military we're
gonna win with our veterans we're going
to win with every single thing we touch
we got a win against china and trade
we're gonna win against Mexico at the
border and with Trey will get a win
against Japan where they send as
millions of cars and we can send
anything of value back to them we got
his start winning again we're gonna win
so much and we are going to make our
country we are going to make this great
great country even greater we're going
to make America great again I love you I
love you