unbelievable unbelievable and thank you
very much mr. record now understand why
they have a record in this room what a
room
wat up place rada place Iowa do we love
it you know we had a big day today
because a lot of polls came out and the
polls were really nothing short of
tremendous we had and it just came in
New Hampshire which is an amazing place
with like you incredible people they
love the country and they want to see
our country be great again that's what
they want they work hard they loved it
and we had 35 percent and the second
place was so far back we won't even talk
about it because I want to be nice
tonight I wanna be nice
in south carolina we had 30% and that
was a tremendous full tremendous energy
tremendous money spent thirty percent
second place again we're gonna be so
nice we be nice or not
little bit so we had thirty percent
that's the Monmouth all-big 12 gravis
national poll just came out
40.1% that's national 40.1% won the
election tomorrow
Coulter's here and can we call for an
immediate election please ok like in so
many other countries I want an immediate
election and alright go out by her book
by the way it's actually a very good
book and so is it true now very
importantly 44 Iowa anybody ever heard
of the corn kernel everybody heard that
corn kernel poll we were at 36% won very
easily and so we had four of them in
that came from the State Fair and I'll
tell you what last week I came to the
State Fair came well equipped in a
helicopter and we took the kids for i's
and O's kids love me those kids and I
love those kids but we had an amazing
time that my pilot said is that enough
mr. Trump after going up and down like a
yo-yo I said nope you gotta keep doing
it so we had we had an amazing time but
you know having gotten that voters I
know it means a lot to the people here
and having gotten that vote is
incredible so here's what's happening a
little bit of a different situation I
think maybe then has happened before a
great journalist called me somebody that
I don't know but somebody that have
great respect for one of the major
newspapers and he said could I ask you
one question how does it feel I should
has what she'll he said this was the
summer of Trump do you believe this how
good is that for my ego is that what
they said
he said i mean and he's really one of
the day the presses who's who is and who
is it but one of the really top people
not even necessarily a fan of mine but I
think he's becoming a fan rapidly he
said how does it feel so I said why do
you ask that question because it doesn't
feel that mean I get a win you know it's
one thing to have the summer of Trump
doesn't mean anything unless we win the
nomination and we gotta beat Hillary or
whoever's running whoever is running
this otherwise it doesn't it doesn't
mean I don't know if you lose like what
does it all matter and he said it
doesn't matter if you win or not what
you've done has never been done you know
nobody's seen what's happened here
nobody's really seen this with the polls
and the enthusiasm in the press and the
ratings and you know why those cameras
are all red lighted because of ratings
if I didn't get ratings wouldn't be here
they wouldn't be here then not nice
people
they don't care about me they don't care
about you they don't care about anything
the only thing they care about his
ratings you know what I did the
apprentice which was a tremendous
success I was hosting Saturday Night
Live and Lorne Michaels came up to me
and it was bedlam it was bedlam the show
is number one it was doing like crazy
and Here I am hosting Saturday Night
Live my mother and father would never
believe this and learn my clothes comes
up to me said this is great he said you
know we learn it won't always be like
this
someday the ratings won't be good and
NBC will call me and they'll say I'm
sorry mr. Trump but the ratings are no
good we're gonna cancel the show and he
looked at me and he said I'll never
forget it he said no there's one thing
wrong they won't even bother to call
true they won't even bother to call and
you know the apprentice was a tremendous
hit NBC renewed his I may be like the
only one or one of certainly like you
can count on one hand that turned down a
major reno effect Mark Burnett said you
got to be kidding you gotta be kidding
you turning down a major renewal equaled
a renewal he said you turning down a
renewal nobody turns it down and I
turned out our new from many many shows
and see the kind of money they paid me
remember you had that certain anchor
that said he doesn't believe it by then
he had to apologize a lot of money that
you earn a lot of money because I told
the heads of NBC the head of comcast is
an amazing guy great guy just call him
steve but I want to tell you he's a
great guy to head of NBC the head of
reality television they came to my
office like five months ago they sat in
my chair she said Donald we want we want
you we love you don't love me so much
any more apt to be on
and I said to him sellers I really want
to run for president
I wanna make America great again through
simple I want to do it and and they
didn't believe me they didn't believe me
and i said im gonna do it and they had
the up-front fee upfront is when they
announce all the show and they said were
announcing renewing The Apprentice with
Donald Trump I still can't believe it I
told them nobody believed me and my wife
actually said to me she said you know
nobody believes you're running as I
looked at it serious mostly less time
but I looked at it but very own
seriously over this but last time I
looked at it pretty seriously and I said
what do you mean if you ever actually
announced you gonna go through those
people like me to actually I'm a nice
person
nobody knows that drew people don't I
tell people I'm a nice person it in some
ways it's not good cause now we're gonna
talk about china and negotiation and I
want to be in this person for that but I
love people I love helping people and my
wife said to me
millennia she said if you run but you
have to announce because if they take
polls nobody's gonna say you're running
right and and knows that and I said well
I don't know and I'll tell you what it
takes courage to run it really does your
really exposing yourself like Greece
honestly a lot of the presses especially
the political pressure to the financial
press has been pretty good to me over
the years in business week magazine they
named me a while ago the best into
people's fall the best negotiator
wouldn't it be nice to have a good
negotiator wanna brag about it just let
it be nice I mean look at what's
happening with China I've been
predicting China I've been saying
China's taking our jobs our money are
based on manufacturing I just told the
press and we owe them think of it
they've taken on money on our jobs and
manufacturing of it if taken everything
is one of the greatest chefs in the
history of the world what they've taken
out of our country they've rebuilt China
and we owe them think of it we owe them
they take everything one point four
trillion dollars how do you do that
that's like a magic how good are they
use negotiated they take everything we
owe them money we owe Japan one point
four trillion same number we are both
1.4 trip for whatever reason same number
the balance the deficits the numbers are
crazy if you look at the deficit we have
with japan the deficit we have with
china to deficit we have with almost
everybody honestly their abusers their
big abuses and by the way I love them
they buy my apartments it's true I on a
big chunk the biggest chunk I own as you
may be no the Bank of America Merrill
lot of people didn't know actually most
people didn't I on the Bank of America
building in San Francisco big big big
chunk and it's a great building from the
Chinese green
they still don't know what happened
but that's what we need right eye on
twelve-ninety big big jump 1290 Avenue
of the Americas many building in Europe
but I do great with the chinese and
they're great people
the problem is the leaders are too smart
for a leaders so it's very simple I'm a
free-trader I believe in free trade
right I like three I like free trade but
three trades only good if you have smart
representatives it's not good if we have
dummies it's not good of our leaders are
incompetent it's not good when they've
never read the art of the deal one of
the great books of all time
second to the Bible but that's way way
way deep second you know how far below
it is somebody held up the book the
other day said that's my favorite book
of all time I said no no don't let me
change my second favorite book this is
what's your favorite at the Bible it's
not even close
people were shocked they were actually
said that but it is the greatest book of
all time the Bible nothing even close so
we have a situation where people that
run for political office and I had to
stay years they do really like chance
and it is something that's not very
pleasant and you read things about
yourself that don't exist very little
good a lot of bad things that aren't
true and I have to tell you with that
I've met some unbelievable really
talented political reporters but I've
also met some very bad ones in very
dishonest and we have to do something
about our country we have to take it
back you know I've been using a term
that hasn't been used in a long time
called the silent majority in the senate
Majority I'm this island and they're
tired of politicians are there any
politicians in the room is where
excluding your fabulous ok but
politicians are all talk and no action
a trip that tired you know I've been
watching bush on the border he's in a
seersucker suit is talking about yes no
yes the anchor baby I shouldn't say
thank you baby you know he puts out a
report saying do not use the term anchor
baby then I used it might pose go
through the roof and now he's using a
good baby and he's taking criticism and
you know the funniest thing is that he's
taken tremendous criticism for using the
term anchor baby and I use it all the
time and nobody cares rice acres this
would be expected from you know right
crazy place but politicians are all talk
and no I saw that little bit of the
debate and I love doing the debate I was
treated very unfairly at that debate to
be honest with you because I want every
poll time magazine we won the polls I so
happy but but I was treated and then i
watch the politicians and the
politicians talk now I have heard that
Jeb Bush was the mentor to Marco Rubio
nice dude nice people I think jeff is a
nice person he's very low energy I'm not
used to that kind of a person
negotiating with Japan negotiating with
China when these people walk in the room
they don't say hello how's the weather
so beautiful outside isn't it lovely how
the Yankees doing doing wonderful great
they say we want deal he jumped out of
the sea but I watched by the way before
I say this who would you rather have
negotiating against china against Iran
what a deal that is ok you talk about
incompetent people against anybody Jeb
Bush Hillary Clinton or drum I think so
you believe me
graded on a speech that I made recently
they gave me always they gave me these
great great day said the one mistake he
makes is that he speaks through the
applause it's true you know what caused
them have time they gave me his
trademark they said his speaking to let
the way I move my hands I never thought
of it they said they love this that but
but they said but he speaks rulers
employers and it's bad for him because
he kills a lot of applause and I thought
about it I said you know that I tried
not doing that but I don't like I want
to get going you know I want to get
things done
everybody here know that
but I don't care I don't care if he's
nice because I want somebody that's
gonna make great deals and make us rich
again and he can't do it
Marco Rubio was not supposed to run
right because he wouldn't run because
his mentor in florida the state of
Florida which by the way I beat both of
them in the post can you believe it is
sitting senator governor and rub his way
the hell up here it's crazy but but
Marco Rubio was all of a sudden he
announced he's running and people
thought it was very disrespectful to a
person that brought him along slowly
brought him along right so beautiful so
what happened and it was interesting I
said oh now those me if I want bush and
I brought somebody along and I am older
than Marco and all of a sudden to guide
the young guys that I brought along said
I'm running against you and it's not my
turn but I don't care cause I'm really
anxious I'm really driven by myself and
I'm running against american I would
really go after that I'd say he's the
most is little guy he's a terrible
person is horrible and I hate him
ok
said to myself not to the rest of the
world but I believe me I wouldn't be so
I saw them on a stage recently and chips
hello Marco said dear friend of mine
he's a dear dear friend he's such a
wonderful person and Marcus I love jeb
you notice yet never uses his last name
why because he's ashamed of it why but
if I were Barca but in particular if I
was Jap I wouldn't say Marcos a good
friend of mine Marco did something that
he wasn't supposed to do he never said
this before and i watch these two guys
and hugging and kissing and holding each
other very much like actually chris
Christie did with the president
hugging and kissing and they're still
proclaiming that great deep love for
each other and I'm saying politicians
oil it's all bull we gotta stop we need
people that are gonna take us to the
promised land
we need people that are going to be
great so again we look at Becks thank
you you look at mexico which is the new
China by the way they're doing great and
what's come out you know a lot of
incoming as Rush Limbaugh said he said
Trump has taken more incoming when I
first announced did was tell the truth
but you look at mexico the new China you
look at fort building a massive planted
you look at other companies from europe
from all over a plant was going to be
built in tennessee big big billion
dollar outta my plan will plant a
sapling built in tennessee and I'm gonna
go to Mexico nabisco holdings in Chicago
have a great building nabisco have a
factory sector that make Orioles I'm
never eating Oreos again ever ever maybe
maybe if I could find some made in the
United States but then closing their big
plant in Chicago and they're moving it
to Mexico what's going to be so where
and why are we doing this why are we
allowing it to happen so what I would do
if I were president I talk to these
people
somebody has to talk to and if you don't
talk to me it's never gonna change never
gonna happen and you can get them to
stay in Chicago you can get them to
build someplace else in the country you
can get for it
believe me to stay in this country now
sometimes it's so unfair
the trade agreements if you look at the
amount of business that's been moved out
about whether to Mexico or many other
countries been moved out it's absolutely
uncontrollable by the people that we
have courage and we can do stooping to
change now let me just tell you I tell
this all the time I go to us I don't
want you I don't want to you know I have
carl icahn ready killer killer I have
other people already have people that is
so nasty so mean so horrible nobody in
Iowa will want to have dinner with them
too horrible human beings I admit their
wall street killers couple of nice like
about two percent but they're the
greatest negotiators in 2010 the best I
know the best I know guys are over rated
I don't guys that are really good I
don't people that you've never heard of
that a better than all of them will get
his job back but I would say let's say
the head of ford and you've heard me say
this to me that's a big abuse two and a
half billion per plant get a big that
plan how many plants do we close to
build a new plant in Mexico two and a
half billion dollars
yeah right so how many pounds do we do
so I would say very simply fellows sorry
gotta move back now when they build
those cars trucks and parts they send
them over
no tax no nothing and they've come up
with a new scheme illegals are gonna
drive the cars over because no true it's
true because it just works so nobody's
gonna check up just drives beautiful
probably keep them and just live happily
for the rest of their lives in the
United States you know but we have to do
something about it now let's say Jeb
Bush as president he's a stupid person I
don't think I don't know what do I but
let's say he's president and you know
it's wrong he's gonna say no no no we
don't want the Ford we don't want to go
with judge attacks because you know the
way you do it you just say judges and
then he's going to be hit by his
lobbyists they gave a million shares got
a hundred and thirty-five forty million
dollars I don't have anything I don't
want anything I don't want money I'm
just taking a little small contributions
for people to send me in what the woman
since $7.32 and I was so in love with a
beautiful letter so it's amazing I like
that possess like an investment
that adds up to the fuel for the plane
trip to Iowa ok it all does but who
cares I don't want them because I don't
want to be controlled last week you
heard me say this I turned down 52
million dollars by a big lobbyists not a
bad person you know tough guy not a bad
person but he gives me five he's not
doing that because he thinks I have
beautiful hair not that then and it is
my hair and is my hair it is that is
actually people don't know that I proved
that you know in Alabama was really hot
it was raining and I added a lot to do
that but but ghetto so we we would go
over and the lobbyists would say no we
gave you millions of dollars mister
president and you owe it to the
lobbyists and after about 10 minutes you
just hope I can't really do that they
really helping my campaign with me
because I know all these guys but they
never did it because I don't want their
money I earn the money that I turned
down so much money I feel like such a
stupid person know it's true
first time my life I feel stupid does it
give me offering me millions like to
give you five million dollars I could
have it right now and I turned them down
I go back as I'm doing the right thing
fact how about I just take a vote how
about if I take all this money and
promised I swear to you that I won't do
anything for these people what about
that no
that's you know that's the way it has to
be because i think one of the things I
like about me is gonna buy me nobody's
gonna fight
and
alright so after about 10 minutes bush
goes out and it says right you could
build a plant built it up so I please
how dare me I mean it was so terrible
that even thought about doing that you
know because you contributed money ok me
different I don't want you in mexico
Mexico I love the mexican people I have
thousands of Mexican people that have
worked for me over the years and even to
this day I mean I love the Hispanic the
spirit I love them very credible people
but we have leaders they can compete
with the leaders do leaders are to spark
so I would say that they had a Ford
sorry I'm not going to approve tax what
every car and every truck in every part
that comes across that southern border
you 35% tax ok that's what's gonna
happen
and this is too easy I don't need any of
the killers that it's going to get them
anyway but this is too easy this is like
this is this is taking candy from like
that beautiful little baby ok so easy so
what happens is they didn't say no no no
and if people call me but these are
people that I didn't take any money I
didn't take anything I don't want their
money so that people call me and i wanna
see that here and I know they'll be
friends of mine maybe I'll say I'm not
address it and I would say let's say
this whole process starts at 12 noon I
would say by four o'clock in the
afternoon the head of ford will call me
and say mister president we've decided
to build in the united states that will
happen will happen if they're really
tough
wait till the next day but I guarantee
you by five o'clock the next day that
they're back and that's great that's
what we need we need jobs we can't keep
giving out our jobs you know college
debt I go over now and I see the vets
are mistreated in this country so badly
believe me you know they didn't like the
most popular person with the vets you
know I built the vietnam memorial in
downtown Manhattan ok and if it's like
me a lot and they did a poll and people
were shocked this is why we would you be
shocked cuz I'm gonna take care of the
other one college college debt it's out
of control and I go around and I see
students and by the way you see what's
happening with the college's I mean you
talk about like what they're doing the
prices of these colleges the way they're
rapidly raising and students are
borrowing money from different bit but
also from the government
the only thing that the government makes
money on college students that's true
then making a lot of money in college
yet and the big thing we need is jobs
and its students come up to me and they
say mr. Trump bombard I can't I can't
even I don't know however paid off this
is somebody that's a junior or senior in
college and they they it's almost like
they have no hope it to me it's one of
the saddest things I've seen in making
the rounds is college students college
debt and they say and then apply for
jobs one was tell me from a very good
actually College in Iowa where I was
great college and they were saying you
know I worked hard I became a great
student I thought I just became one of
the top students in my class I can't get
a job and a lot of a pink jobs so now
they have the debt and they can't get
because China has a judge in japan has a
job and so many other places we don't
have jobs so they get out and there's no
place to go and in a way to do it we're
gonna solve the problem because we're
back to jobs from China and we gonna
bring back to judge from Japan
there but if you look at the deficit the
trade deficit that we have with china
people somehow get a balanced budget
like they can some good deals with China
and Japan look at the trade deficit I
was in Los Angeles two weeks ago I saw
ships that were soaping I've never seen
anything like it
with cars from Japan it pouring off we
sell them actually you so chief this is
one of the benefices beef but honestly
if you have a look at the difference
numbers here it's so it's so crazy we
said we may send cars we said we have
great relationships with these people
you know the amazing thing every country
in the world thinks that the United
States is represented by stupid people
and their right now they're all very
stupid people
and every country in the world in every
country in the world everybody makes
money and a funny thing is we don't get
along with anybody here we have here we
have deals are all bad and everybody
else's I just came in and I'm watching
on television that will really in a very
bad place with russia now we're working
on the Ukraine and I think that's fine
but why is it Europe sort of like
leading that hold charge why we always
leave me when working and I think it's
terrible that's a lot of problems with
sending an F 22 ran to gorge and when we
have fighters are best military people
are going over there and we're worried
about you create I think I think it's
weird but you know Germany is over the
Germany's far richer than we are
Germany's made a fortune we protect
Germany for no money can we protect
South Korea for no money so Germany is
over there right and then did not but
Obama's talking about the Ukraine
Ukraine Germany sitting right let let
these dopey people that care and all the
European country so is sending a fight
is now in north korea you have a
situation where you know he's raring his
head again I just ordered four thousand
television sets a big job that I did and
4,000 they're all made in south korea
don't make him in iowa I wish anybody
make televisions
they don't make them anywhere in this
country
304,000 Samsung LG it's all of it right
there are from South Korea sony's from
japan is good but
but just paid a fortune saying they make
a fortune look at the deficit that we
have with South Korea I love South Korea
level these countries but why is it that
we protect them so this guy raises his
head
nuclear weapon we have been at least we
have 28,000 troops over there right now
which is nothing compared to the median
that they have in north korea bigamy ok
what we do and you know how can we
please we're watching the ukraine we're
watching South Korea will watching
Germany while watching Japan we protect
your PIN we have a treaty with Japan if
Japan gets attacked we have to
immediately go to the Red ok If we get
attacked Japan doesn't have to help us
with this deal that's the kind of deals
with no no that's the kind of deals they
have nothing to do but if they get a
text we have to go over to Japan I yeah
yeah yeah so so we need smart people and
we can straighten this country out we
can make this country so so we can make
it better than ever in my we can make it
better than ever
Saudi Arabia I love Saudi Arabia the
people are very nice to me by my partner
and she wouldn't believe it is true that
pay me anything did nothing but money
they have nothing but money I have a
beautiful plane all of a sudden it
doesn't look so good when I look at some
of them I'm jealous terribly jealous
Arabia they make a billion dollars a day
none offered as I was before the you
know when that but now let's say to have
a pretty good we protect them protection
here we get nothing and every time if
you think in Yemen those folks who have
to Yemen then you leave the room right
now cuz you not very smart young man did
you ever see the border it never ends
its just straight line it never ends and
you know it's on the other side Saudi
Arabia the oil if you think this
stopping at Yemen be looking for the oil
don't forget I'm the one I'm the most
militaristic person I would build a
military so strong so powerful so
incredible nobody would ever use it
nobody would ever happen we would never
have to use it I would have the best
everything you know we have a military
where we give to the allies are allies
were given to the wrong allies by the
way you know that we give it to the
wrong house we don't give to the kurds
we give two people one bullet shot near
2300 humvees armor-plated the best in
the world so I heard they left in one
day they abandon 2300 said no no no you
man
armor-plated the best in the world tom
these 2300 because one shot was fired in
the air
these are the people helping these are
the people helping and now the enemy has
the humvees armor-plated we have the
ones where did not armor-plated and our
wounded warriors who are the greatest
people we have in this country that the
greatest the greatest
and our soldiers are protected and the
enemy is because they have these great
vehicles that they talk and that's just
the humvees you could go into everything
they have the best equipment we have so
we have to get smart and we have to know
what we're doing and I would build I'm
telling you I am so into it but in 2000
and and culture noses in 2004 as much as
I am into the military I love and
respect I'm a huge fan of General Patton
I'm a huge fan of General Douglas
MacArthur to this day he has the highest
marks a person I believe in like marks
and education I think it's great general
douglas to this day has the highest
grades in the history of something nice
nice thing we have to do something and
we have to do it since we have to get
the generals that there was a general
one uses name but he's leaving and they
said to him the other day about Isis on
television
well what do you think about Isis can we
beat them I don't know I don't know I
don't know it's going to be very hard
very hard to be nice and i can you
imagine george patton saying it would be
hard to be hit have am NOT down about
three days and he say where's the next
country where we go from here where
where
General Douglas MacArthur getting out
with this corn cob pipe right out of the
airplane looking over the land that he
just took can you imagine him going to
get too busy fighting they want to win
the two busy winning we don't have
winners anymore winners of this country
have winners now speaking of winners
will know about trade we've covered it
it's horrendous I'm gonna get the
greatest negotiate a treaty can make a
lot of money would be great if we have
the love in business week magazine again
they had a story of the 10 things the
Chinese most want now who's tougher in
the Chinese the night I love them I
respect I just take what they do it was
tough for them to ten things one of the
10 things as anything Trump apartments
and we wanted to see how could that be
possible because maybe they respect me
or maybe they respect us I don't know
anything from ok so we gonna be
respected
we're gonna be really respect we should
have gone to Iraq we did we made a
mistake when we went out we should have
kept the oil and you would have ice is
the leading you wouldn't have it now
people say oh that such a harsh
statement he said take the oil to help
the iraqi government is totally corrupt
Isis is just formed out of Iraq so we
should be done in and then the way Obama
got out was a total contestants and then
I said total catastrophe
and I said
Reuters 2004 July I said don't go in
because if you do that to Iraq and I'm
one that wants to be like I'd love I
love the strength to use it in the right
location if you do that you're going to
allow Iran to take over the could you
gonna decapitate there were two powers
or equal did fight that go ten c10 c10
c10 they rest this goes on for decades
ago 1010 right am i right
so we decapitate one of them now I ran
is as we speak
meeting with iraq to take over the
country and you know who's getting the
oil most of the oil the stuff that I
systems in China you know that china is
getting so much oil and getting you know
we get nothing
thousands of lives wounded warriors
while of all over two trillion dollars
we have nothing in Afghanistan which a
lot of people don't know is very rich in
minerals oil and minerals with fighting
in Afghanistan and a very amazing
mountains and regions with fighting in
Afghanistan over here and on the other
side of the mountain they have massive
from China that taken out all the
minerals as we we need people that are
smart we have people that don't get it
look at the deal we have with a look at
this deal
is going to in my opinion lead to an
arms race the likes of which there has
never been countries are going to line
up for Dokes you gonna have perhaps
nuclear proliferation you gonna see
things that you have never seen take
place in a short period this is a deal
that just the other day it was
determined after months he'll take so
long to go on forever they had all
prisoners we never asked for a prison
about that having a deal is good but we
should have doubled and tripled up the
sanctions and negotiated from strength
to dinner so instead we have carried
that goes on bicycle races the price
increases 72 73 years old and I said it
the last time I spoke I swear to you i
will never enter a bicycle reserve on
president Islip Islip he is in a bicycle
race she falls you breakers like this is
our chief negotiators walked in and they
look at a bike wattage I watched
actually on Charlie Rose I watched a
chief negotiator being interviewed by
Charlie and have 25 minutes I tweeted
donald Trump tweeted I said this guy is
too smart for caring so we have to get
the prison and you know what the excuse
well we didn't ask them we didn't want
to make the deal too complicated
think of it they're fighting us in Yemen
we didn't ask anything about you don't
find us
24 day wait period so if we think
they're doing nuclear we have to wait 24
days but see that's not the worst part
the worst part is that clock doesn't
start ticking could be much as a whole
process i mean they could build and
build a couple of more shoot and by that
time we still wouldn't be in their check
in fact I can just see them sweeping up
the floor painting at battleship grey
you know when I was with my father used
to paint garages battleship way it
always like that would you do know what
I mean by battleship grey shiny
battleship grey I can just see him doing
it so what we doing this crazy so you
have that and then the beauty of all and
you heard it two days ago after years we
just found out that they're going to do
in the most important section didn't do
their own inspections to get around to
do their own inspections did you hear
about this one looks so many guys did
you where the hell have you been for the
last three guys three days ago I heard
nobody knew they are going to self
inspect it is unbelievable that it is
another part we gotta give them a
hundred and fifty billion dollars plus
and even if the deal is approved they
get that no other way they get that
regardless you know when I do a deal
when i buy something that came when i
buy the product whatever the deposit and
right
when the deal closes with paying them
even if the deal doesn't happen I'd
never heard this one before I don't know
who came up with the idea of us have
been carried no we must because I don't
think the Iranians you know the Iranian
Spurgeon's a great negotiate the natural
great negotiate I don't believe they
would have even thought of this because
it's so crazy no true they wouldn't have
actually said let's do this because it's
so far out who would ever think of it
they get a hundred and fifty billion
plus plus even if the deals voted down
into the deal doesn't happen which they
will probably happen because we have a
lot of weak people that are going to
prove that just like their probe
Obamacare you know you elected people
though in a knockout Obamacare they got
to washington something happen I
promises I'm gonna happen if something
happens in Washington they get elected
they are really gonna do a job they're
all enthused and Obamacare we're gonna
fight to end this horrible thing with
the five billion dollar website that
doesn't work to this day by the way I
billion I have about 40 websites like
Nicholas me three dollars and they work
and go to washington they look at these
beautiful buildings and all of a sudden
they become an appropriate word I think
so they become just it doesn't work but
those two together something happens and
look where I'm working on a car parts of
course I gotta vote for Obamacare is no
wonder what I'm doing but they got
elected to not get out what happened to
these people what happened so something
happens when people get elected and go
to washing the beauty of washing I'm
building as you know president Obama is
in charge of government services were
tremendous people by the way they really
are they're very talented people that's
because it kills me they didn't choose
me probably would be saved but they are
talented people they're great people and
we're doing a great hotel where the
greatest hotels I think it'll be one of
the greatest hotels anyone but everybody
wanted it one of the most sought-after
pieces of property rights back on
pennsylvania between Congress and the
White House best location for the real
estate people they know this like any
time you get a post offices could get to
the post office was always defers the
old post office in washington D C so
it's being converted to Trump
International Hotel gonna be great and
just take it then I got it from the
Obama administration
what we're doing a great job and here's
the thing we're ahead of think of this
compare this to government we're way
ahead of schedule and under budget
you know we have a great country we have
a country with tremendous potential the
potential to the people of the potential
we have great people we have problems
all over the place but their problems
that can be solved we have to
incentivize people we have to give
people spirit when President Obama was
elected one thing I thought would happen
I really thought he would be a unifier
you look at Baltimore you look at
Ferguson you look at st. Louis the other
night you look at Chicago you look at so
many different places and you look at
what's happening with the
african-american youth it's never been a
worship never you look at what's
happening with so many other aspects of
our country and there's a racial divide
there's a divide period this hatred all
over the country I've never seen it like
we have to unify the country we have to
spirit eyes we have to create jobs we
have to do a tremendous amount of work
but it could be done quickly I will say
this if the right person is not elected
come next year I don't know if it can be
brought back again no matter how
competent and capable the person too
good to be true far down the line
that's going to be too far down the line
just in closing and you don't normally I
do questions but this has been such a
good time and everyone's had heard such
a brilliant speech you know I was with
Elton John Elton John deter do anybody
like a lot of times like they'll do this
last song and it's so great it's so
unbelievable the places standing and
going incredible and then they'll be
like to come back to like three boys and
three rd is good and people go good
let's get out of here Alice so you know
you like to leave on a high note and I
just like this but I have a thank you I
love you too thank you but but you know
I have a statement I say it all the time
and I told the story once before and
it's that the american dream is dead but
I'm gonna make it bigger and better and
stronger than ever right
but when I got home one night and my
wife and the problem I have with tell it
like they're all live what do I do every
night I'm on live television I'm
supposed to make speeches how do you
make the same speech I try and change it
up but every night CNN Fox MS NBC
everybody look at them they're all live
it's not fair
no doubt
these are the guys that go around and
make a speech in front of 21 people
nobody cares they can make the said they
read the same state they had a DDD Dave
teleprompters I say we should outlaw
teleprompters for anybody right for
anybody anybody running for president
you should be you know how easy that
would be instead of this I'm working my
ass off ok instead of this I could just
end up ladies and gentlemen thank you
very much as wonderful to be an Iowa you
know everybody's gonna fall asleep in
half an hour we leave no mistakes no
problems but I walk in but they're
always like these guys I think we're
gonna kill let's not canceling them a
little bit by the way they get a
phenomenal ratings that's why they live
they getting phenomena rating and you
know in the old days when I was with the
apprentice they paid me a lot of money
they don't pay me anything you know for
the debate with 24 million people
normally they have like two million
people right when you say and two
million if they're lucky they had 24 I
won't take credit for but believe me a
hundred percent its me a hundred percent
through the ratings came out they were
so big and so much it was the biggest
trading in the history of cable
television or something like that and
you know i was little be used but that's
ok so what happens if it's not me that I
should go to CNN during the next debate
and I should say to jeff zucker a great
coach Jeff I'm gonna do the debate but I
want two million dollars for charity
American Cancer Society age will pick
ten great
otherwise I'm not going to the debate
and honestly I think they'd pay me I do
I'm 200% for charity but it might not
look right I don't know and I have to
think about it I thought I like it does
anybody like that idea that we go to
roger else is a great guy at Fox you
know they did so great at CNN you did so
good at Fox at like 12 15 18 all for
charity but I'm thinking about it I am
thinking about it believe me so I got
home though my wife says to me you know
what are you doing what are you doing it
was a horrible thing you said you know I
said why what you said the American
dream
turn on the television TV was wonderful
and i turn it on and they have it cut
its the American dream is dead but I
said what a terrible state but what I do
say and I say it all the time the
American dream is to a large extent it's
in trouble but we're going to make it
bigger and better and stronger than ever
before and we are going to win the
nomination and we had to get the
greatest people that have ever represent
we did you get the smartest toughest
best people to represent us against the
world and we are going to make our
country so great again you're gonna be
so proud of it and it's an honor to be
with you tonight and I really look
forward to being with you for many many
years to come
thank you
thank you very much thank you very much
thank you thank you