thank you very much is amazing and I
want to thank bill and Travis ways bill
addresses they own this place they gave
us a very good deal you know what it is
nothing more I thank you fellows thank
you very thank you very much beautiful
nice facility nice facility they said
they've never had anything like this
before I should we went to 34 places and
every time would sign up it was so many
more people than we thought it was just
an amazing experience and you know we
all started in Phoenix where I had that
big event we had a big event thank you
thank you I love you I love you folks
you know we all want the same thing we
want to make America great again I mean
it's like the same less sure nobody
wanted to be less I know but nobody is
this threat is a very a political crap
now we had a little debate so I'll bet
you they get big ratings that unites all
that then as soon as you're ready to go
through the roof
I think next time I won't do it I wanna
maybe not do the next debate just to see
it but these debates have been become
super bowls in a sense it's been amazing
you know that last cycle no network even
one of the debates they were considered
a wasteland nobody watch it very few
people watching and now Fox had 24
million when she's now actually higher
with the final numbers but 24 million
the largest ever and cable television
CNN at 23 million the biggest event in
the history in terms of numbers in terms
of people watching in the history of CNN
CNN all fairness they cover wars they
cover last two different things some
problems some big events in the history
of CNN 23 million according to CNN was
the biggest event they've ever had and
you know what I get out of it
nothing not safe and thank you thank you
for years ago nobody did you remember
that have a choice
anybody even watch so we have to take
advantage of all weekend you know so
last night was interesting because I
made a place so much easier
someone she's here you know it's hard to
say either run as an independent and say
you know I just got a poll where I'm at
doesn't make a lot of sense audit
colleagues now and you know it's amazing
to me
amazing you know I did meet the press
couple of months ago and I was doing
ration of 11 number one by the way since
I went there all talking about it in the
history of politics they say this isn't
me it's the people who I don't trust
worth and but yeah I go through this all
the time and he always said although
today I think the fact that I did Bill
O'Reilly had no choice but to follow but
they never show the crash says you know
that right I always talk about go home I
did you have many people because they
just don't show the quest to show my
face they never show that unless and I
used to think the cameras were like
fixed that they can you know modern
cameras a lot of they don't work like
the old cameras right and then all of a
sudden will have like a protester in the
back corner and you see these cameras
twisted like a pretzel is unbelievable
but I think to look at all of them back
they look at those cameras they are the
worst people
OIC
the worst very just under 70 75 percent
sure very good but you have sOooo many
dishonest reporters I i've never said in
fact it's almost amazing to me cause I
consider myself to get the worst
publicity and yet I got this message
lead and it tells you two things they're
just honest and the people are really
smart they will get stories that is so
bad and then come back Mr Trump's are
you opposed just went up seven points
out that be possible people get it they
know the presses design has it's a it's
all Big John job so it's one of those in
fact in Phoenix
you remember the crowd was anybody right
it was like this it was we had fifteen
thousand people they reported it as your
thousand than 2,000 and then what's his
name but he said she's done so now he's
gone he he lost it when he said
killer is fine with a message is not
fine with that was really breaking the
law folks ok so he doesn't get big
crowds anymore but he was there a little
bit before or after his pitches his dad
Mike his grad was much later than mine
in a lot of people but it was much
lighter and they say it wasn't rough
that it matters but it's justice on the
street 41 of those things ok now last
night so I had jet come at me you know
low energy
now I'm standing there and all of a
sudden I hear this in a dog like he just
the way his pollster told him to say
that I hit back very very hard but look
we need strong people we need scharping
we are being kill we are being beaten by
everybody we're not winning anymore
knight-ridder stuff I say we are winning
anymore we don't live on trade we don't
win against the military are vets are
being mistreated so badly a tolerable
horrible so I just want to go over there
so here we are ready
they're complaining Ashley don't
complain you're going to be the only
ones that he was going to see on
television you know in a certain way
down the best location you'll be happy
tonight when you watching youself on
television show last night they do all
these polls and it's great they pull
everything you know it's amazing to me
the candidates go out and spend hundreds
of thousands of posters right I don't I
get a lot of money and it doesn't matter
I like unlimited campaign and yet now
figure this this this so jet bush to
this point has spent over forty million
dollars per its he's at 22 donald Trump
told this point has spent $211,000 I
don't even know why I spent it I think I
wanted to give something
number one by a lot by 27 30 points I'm
a lot of things when it be nice if we
could do that for a country so I spent
the leash and I have the best result
i'd like our students where we're number
one in the world by far in terms of cost
per pupil and when number 28 in the
world
ok you're right I think I like that guy
right but not think of it because it's
like the reverse so I spent the least
not gonna spend a lot of money but I was
going to add up to this point
35 million dollars I thought I'd need to
spend you know what do I know and these
guys you know as much as I can't stand
of the kidney oldest free publicity
right by putting that on people would
get sick to sell my god we had the whole
program and now we have it we actually
please don't put the yet we actually
called network please don't put that it
you know they cut you short stroll hour
and then every 12 minutes they have an
ad for truck doesn't work so I was going
to have 35 million up literally right up
to this point and I spent nothing I
haven't spent anything but we're ready
to spend I mean we're ready to spend and
we could spend a lot and I think we're
gonna win Ohio well we just came out
where we're leading in Iowa now which is
a great place but I love because it just
came out
drudge now this is with 15 people right
registration al-qaida stretch great guy
he's a great guy so they do these online
polls with hundreds of thousands of
people so they don't somebody was not
reliable baby trump hundreds of that you
think I'm gonna have to sit there make
hundreds of thousands of phone calls and
then they reported anyway if I win
because of my window we bought it they
have these guys like george will you
fall asleep listening to discuss it in a
way the little spectacle she wouldn't
even be bright nobody would think this
is George I mean I gotta tell you brad
Henry terrible he is so unfair to me he
is the worst he is the worst and I'm not
allowed to criticizes I'm going to be
very nice crowds have a terrible he's
terrible you have a guy named Steven
Hayes I never even heard of this guy
when my name
is mentioned just like he's up Lily goes
crazy now part of the reason is they all
said I was never gonna run by and then I
ran this other file formats basically a
single page when you signed your life
away and I went like this
let's go then they said well maybe he's
not as rich as everyone thinks he'll
never file as financial and if he does
he'll file a min two years from now
you'll a lot of extensions I filed ahead
of schedule in less than 30 days almost
a hundred pages and of presley's down
there they said they'd never seen
anything like it they was cowering does
believe me I want to be running unless I
was really rich as they would it kill it
and they end by the way you haven't read
what report that I built a great company
I don't a tremendous company very little
detriment to schedule the best Asus and
the only reason I say I'm not saying
because it sounds terrible in a certain
way I don't want to break but that's the
thinking we need in this country we have
19 trillion in debt we have 19 trillion
dollars in debt we built the story
$3,000,000 gas station in Afghanistan
and it doesn't even spell the right gas
ok 43 million you think you can build a
gas station for slightly less now you
look at the things the money we spend a
billion dollars to build a hospital I
mean you could build seven hospitals so
that we could take care of her for money
we have such still people leading US I
used to say they're incompetent I didn't
want to use the stupidest to crude they
don't know I went to an Ivy League
school I really like a smart guy my
uncle is at MIT was a professor for
years they didn't believe it they went
to check dr. John I actually think you
was there for five decades MIT was one
of the great engineers scientists and
you know it's like really good but when
they talk about us they talk about us
like we know the smartest people these
are the people that made our country
great
originally these are the great people
great people and we're going to take our
country back and we're gonna turn it
around and we're gonna run it smart
they'll run $100 duran listen to this
and this just heard this morning so we
give a hundred and fifty billion dollars
to her and they self inspect their big
site though it will make it into their
cell can you imagine you call them we
are you making news ok well the shack
that call dumps and then this think of
this and then they have to 24 day where
I have 21 days before the clock starts
ticking you have to go through all
processes can be forever before you get
there and you know the other thing look
at it it's more important than anything
and have a good deal is good for him I
could just tough it is but another thing
that gets more prisoners they wouldn't
even get him out so I've been
complaining about this from a long
before they did the deal yet the
prisoners out so now the deal is done
and what do I hear this morning on
television that we're now starting a
brand new separate negotiations with the
procedures and a what many prisoners
that we have over here for the four
think about it think about it now think
about it so now they want to start a
whole new negotiation that we should
have three years ago when this stupid
negotiations began you go any said
before we start we want to preserve as
they say no we say that's ok you leave
the room you double up the sanctions
they call you back within 48 hours I
don't say you got your prisoners think
of it we just gave them the greatest
deal what are the greatest just in the
history of countries we made them a
powerful rich nation they going to now
have nuclear energy and have to waste
their time making it with the money we
gave them they can buy nuclear why they
gonna make it they can buy whatever they
want you don't think north korea's
probably calling help help help we need
money will give you some milk we are
thus we are led by the stupidest people
have ever so I can't even imagine so now
here's the thing I want I can even watch
it I can't even listen to it so now they
want to do a new negotiations for the
prisoners and all we had to do said we
want and they want a lot and one of the
guys said from her n we want a lot
it drives all of us that's why we're
here you know they used to talk about
the silent majority will not silent
anymore folks
Hillary Clinton is a disaster
she's going to be just as God forget her
and Obama helped get us into this mess
with the migration highways let's go
into libya let's go his house she's
doing she wakes up in the morning I will
not say that she puts her pants suit
because that's what she does I'm not
gonna say I'm not saying it I will not
say that she wakes up in the morning she
goes out
Shogun a new hampshire one day a week
something you haven't notice should do
something totally stage of it for people
she's always sitting around a little
plastic table there's like four people
nice people out of a thousand people
they fit the floor nice as yesterday's
really innocent questions and that she
believes that she goes back to sleep for
a week and I'm telling you I'll tell you
we're in the foxhole just came out and
the fox hole was very strong that aidid
hurt easily by Peter easily
and and honestly honestly and look what
I did the bush I haven't even started on
hillary
Bush here now he's doing another
commercial use negative commercials on
me he's doing a commercial where he is
what he said last night but he doesn't
put what I said to him and what it is
and it's a big problem in terms of
running for office because you know
these super PACs are scam there is a
horrible thing that totally corrupt one
of the super PACs it was written about
last week in Los Angeles Times a race
six million dollars by the time all of
these guys took their cut they ended up
with a hundred and forty thousand
dollars left with a campaign that's
better than that's better than being a
real estate broker right right we have
so many things we can do and I'll tell
you the thing I really look forward to
doing some of the people in this age I
really like you saw last night that Ted
Cruz was very nice to me and I was nice
to him actually most of the people most
of the people were nice to me last time
it was pretty good you know I went in
this stuff to you because I heard all of
them are going to come out right
fourteen of them were gonna be coming up
and I was prepared but I said this could
be unpleasant international millions of
people and out of the the 1400 jet that
I guess Rand Paul just an average chance
by the way what is Rand Paul doing you
know whether you like his politics and
his father had a certain spark right you
know there was a little sparkle red
doesn't have that spark ran doesn't have
this book and I love kentucky is one of
the great places but I don't get it you
know how to get reelected in Kentucky I
don't get it i dont know is he gonna be
primary is somebody gonna run against
him as we do want a republican but you
gotta be primary something but he's a
guy but the father had a spark and he
had something special like this but he
had something special rain doesn't have
a choice other than those two and it was
really even occasions
surprised he's gotten beaten up pretty
badly said you know what it's easier to
be nice to truck right it's easier less
costly but he was nice and we had a good
show
drudge 46% that's had a fifteen people
so that means I got 46 percent
time magazine believe me I don't control
too I was on the cover for five weeks
ago they should pick before the first of
the year but they did you know it's
coming from me that these panels and
virtually and i said im never gonna get
it because I'm not establishment but
every panel that I saw on television
when time was even though the magazine's
going down the tubes and so does the
cool thing most magazines are going down
into a fair to say that it's great to
watch these guys go down the tubes but
you know what time magazine so that
straddles and five people around you
know all the political battles and
almost everybody even my enemy said no
trouble getting his he's done something
that's ever been done before they have
been done before folks and we're really
doing is really a movement what we're
doing is a movement so they said drugs
gonna win I said I love my wife i said
im done never do it it's just like the
apprentice for the first three seasons I
should've gotten the apprentice got the
number one got tremendous ratings it was
the hottest thing I did pick these shows
that were established Amazing Race you
fall asleep watching their operations
are sleeping because of that
establishment Hollywood I'm not as that
should politically Showtime magazine a
woman who's destroying Germany she let
the migration come right into German
she's destroying Germany and if I have
to work with her little while do just
fine but I'm telling you what she did
was wrong they should have done a safe
zone in Syria had a big beautiful fat
safe zone and stop all this nonsense
and I honestly if you work for Obama and
Hillary you probably wouldn't have even
had the migration they are so
incompetent
time magazine time magazine 49% 51%
charities that come 49% USNews and will
be put 69% PBS public radio's PBS 69%
this is who want it is 69% the blaze
well he doesn't like me very much it's
ok who cares I don't even know who he is
very 8% milos 1 Washington Times trade
paper 62% CBS Philadelphia 59% Fox 5 Las
Vegas 62% that's what it is i mean you
know by the way I just read I just read
every single home those are all the
online post and wanted a bit and then
you'll watch he's actually did what you
know when you're on television you tend
to watch no matter who you are but I
went home and i must say for the most
part even the haters they thought he did
well one or two said well I think you
have a particularly great night these
people are brutal but who cares so what
are the reasons we've done so well here
is because we are going to stop illegal
immigration you have to
we have to if we don't stop it we don't
have a country folks we don't have a
country we don't have a country and you
know I have his big hard as anybody here
I have his big hard as anybody it's like
with the migration help them let's do
something but we can't let them come
over almost more important than anybody
did you see yesterday's story about cell
phones and flags and also to beheadings
and trying to pictures on their cell
phones first of all people in a
migration having cellphones that was the
first question I mean who trade for
those cell phones where they coming from
who they call it these days people can
you imagine many many many cellphones
why where do they get cell phones who
pays a monthly bill what are they go
don't they get filled by the phone
company or something how I guess you
know friend of mine said you know they
have flags and he was talking about the
ISIS legs and also the beheadings and
everything so but I should something
different
wow I never thought of that you right
now they have cellphones so we're not
letting them come in and if they are
here when I get here they're all going
back they have to they have to
back so we're going to mexico is going
to pay for the wall and I love Mexico
and I love the mexican people in a style
that works for me and they're incredible
workers with incredible spirit and a lot
of me and I'll tell you why in the state
of Nevada they recently did a poll and
I'm leaving with a strategy because I'm
going to produce jobs I'm going to take
our jobs back from China and Japan and
Mexico and all these other places and
you know what extent are here legally
and that got went through a process
those people are all that for me because
they don't want their jobs taking they
don't want their house taken they don't
want to be overrun by people pouring
across the borders and one of the first
thing I do probably the first thing I do
is the good thing about an executive
order what's a good thing I could walk
inside and that's the end I have to go
through Congress Obama never goes to
congress you know it just isn't credible
so I'm a Republican but I'm so
disappointed the republicans when we got
majority when we got majority did you
think it would be different
some guy or woman gets elected they go
through how we're gonna stop Obamacare
when a repeal it and refine I am going
to do that violates gonna be debt
not to worry too much it's gonna die in
seventeen unless the republicans work
out a rescue plan which will probably do
if I'm not there I will tell you
Obamacare is dead in seventy you know
the wrong people are signing up its
almost doctors are leaving I have a
friend he said dr. he's a young guy he's
leaving the profession he said I have
more accountants and have nurses more
Italians emerges so anyway we are going
to take care of Obamacare we're gonna
get rid with it and make this place is
going to be unbelievable and it should
go fast but I'll tell you what can
happen we can't go through another four
years of this company and stupidity
weekend which we can't do it so what do
you get rid of that but the wall is so
important and you know it does work all
you have to do is ask your friends in
israel it works it's really effective
but I need to trump all I don't mean a
wall that you will not go over you can
get through I mean height of this
building how high you still here man
Travis how I just cause you're talking
about a little bit higher than that
meaning if you get up there man is no
way to get them and it's gonna be a
beautiful wall because someday they'll
name in afternoon I wanted to be viewed
through a straw and is going to work and
to have people come in when you have a
particular people come in but they gonna
come in legally the company only
and was gonna bring our country back
into its really having a huge impact and
you know one of the people that I've got
enough got in there so many people
students and professors and college has
caused you know student debt used to
work in that way to work and everything
works on everything I mean there's
nothing we can work on this is nothing
in this country guy said last night
at a lot I wouldn't want to be the enemy
and have a lot of those suckers coming
we just don't know how to use it we
don't have the whole thing is different
but one of the people that have gotten
to know who's one of the great great
people
the illegal immigration has caused
tremendous crime has caused tremendous
debt it's caused economic hurt as you
know because a lot of jobs are being
taken and and our citizens and get those
jobs and again we have people come in
and when you have if there are certain
areas like a great period I know a lot
of the folks up there and they say you
if we can get will do some of these
programs we get people up we're not
gonna hurt industry we don't want to
hurt businesses will get people will get
the people in it are people don't want
to take the job and I have said that you
know there's people that don't want
certain jobs and I get it but we're
going to get the people that make this
country so dynamic my tax plan on
cutting the hell outta taxes for the
middle class
businesses and business corporations are
gonna bring the trillions of dollars in
Arab side of the country they're gonna
bring into the use of here but one of
the people I got to know and he's a
friend of mine and he had a horrible
thing happens his son Neil Shah you may
have seen him it's just been amazing and
whatever is around us into me a favor
say a few words will explain what
happened with an illegal immigrant who
killed his son viciously and violently
and you become a friend of mine and he's
here with us and let me bring about
jimmy has come on
2008 daily street dog by an illegal
alien gang banger 18 Street gang banger
he was on his third gun charge now we
hear people talking about banning guns
but you have an illegal alien on his
third gun charge never been deported he
was released he was in jail for assault
with a deadly weapon battery on a peace
officer resisting arrest
ok eight months in the county jail for
that for months early that day he got
out there were according to the sheriff
but then in LA county he said that she
know gang member to legal aid gangs and
gang members the shaft collars ordered
him out into the streets to say they get
out because you want to be a liability
so the same day he got out he was told
to go in my neighborhood plastic you
must learn was with me and myself went
to love football training in Pasadena
and he was getting recruited from
Stafford Virginia texts I mean it was
really beautiful thing you know i mean
we did seventeen years of hardcore
practice in China get a scholarship and
we were there we we had we had a bad day
that David came home from the train est
go to the mall he is doing one of those
whom all hang out with friends but I'm
leaving though on the day before
yesterday go to a party of course I said
no but you know why I know day I might
happen next day you know
way home from the way home from the gym
where are you had a couple minutes
a minute later heard two gunshots really
really loud so I knew that my house I
called his phone see where he was
didn't answer my heart was I knew it was
you know I walked outside the history
there will be industry day street she
said you guys are there in my
neighborhood looking for money
driving the girl driving the car never
you been doing she met him in a jail he
pissed him and one of his friends in the
money to drive 2012 guys 2010 guys will
use the money that was my next door
neighbor testified every time I saw my
street as it will come into my
neighborhood and it took the girl to
perot Rapallo we want the children right
here you know that that spider-man that
you know what they saw and she said no
I'm going on in my house
donated notice when he was coming so he
went to a neighbor's house knocked on
his door and on the way back to his car
so he wouldn't put a man on the street
when he put the guy now and why he
wanted a corner of 45 and stomach you
didn't match 7000 45 math test he was
laying on his back corner stable hands
and it I saw him through his hand into
his head it was vicious
unless of course I ran outside even
today I told you I just told him the day
before and you know I don't believe you
know and that's what we need done which
because donald Trump is going to make it
safe again you know
donald Trump down on drug is now made
especially European my son is dead I
can't fix day I was but I have a another
seventeen years old he was a two-time
now he's 17 date me know you owe your
brother now you know and his release a
truck was only person to have reached
out to me out of all the politicians of
the black politicians have a nobody
cares it's all about illegal aliens I
care about you don't care about us as
americans throw to first we need that he
is he is this is why do we have to be
under the suppression radians and their
duty and American Dream and we can
American Nightmare you know it's not
fair and only way you can see is without
a truck I don't see no the way it was
there it would happen before going on
that he's here and we have to make sure
it happens and safe and we stand in the
way I do because I believe that he was
just thank you
is amazing is amazing so many colleges
wanted to son as he was a good student
who was a great football player and
Camille broke his hand hitting a
concrete was so upset and so you know
you could imagine is just a very amazing
guy and with an amazing family put some
of the members of his family over sister
and his mother and it's just we gave me
right in that plane he said I said have
you written in one like that he said not
yet I said you can ride it whatever you
want but he is a special man believing
gotta take care of our people we gotta
take care of us so we're going to
straighten things we're going to take
trade back from China within a make
money now
last year we had a trade deficit of over
500 billion dollars with china and then
we honored China and we have nothing but
problems that they don't do anything
with us in North Korea they have total
control over north korea
talking about I ran a red have to worry
about under president they won't have to
promise you that doesn't matter what the
agreement said I'm at the violate that
agreement slightly you don't mind you
they will have to but China we have
tremendous power of china but we all
know that because we have people that
had no business going to have to do is
look at the iran deal will weaken them
two hundred and fifty billion dollars at
all of those things that's right the art
of the deal they are the man my man over
there good I'll try signing
thank you but we have to do something we
have to use our hedge so we have $500 a
year in trade deficit shy and we have
way over 75 big hit with AV dollars here
trade deficit with japan with mexico the
number is enormous
that's why these politicians get up the
other day and they said will never build
the wall of course they will make it a
fortune to was peanuts compared to what
they make it but you have to know they
have no business ability whatsoever and
I like they have no business ability
whatsoever and some like Jeb Bush and
others are not strong enough they don't
have the power they don't have whatever
it takes
they don't have it and you know what I
don't want to be a nasty guy but I don't
care anymore we have to get the right
people and I don't care I don't care and
we can have a continuation of the
stupidity of this in companies we can't
do it well we have Caroline Kennedy
negotiating trade pact with Japan I want
Carl Icahn I want the killers of Wall
Street to do it and they all want to do
it they don't want anything they wanted
their ego makes you want to do it some
of them actually love the country and
you know what some of them are not nice
people who cares who cares so we're
gonna take factory was gonna take bank
jobs you know we don't we have lost so
much if you look at what hey everybody
beaches but China is really don't have
been talking about this for 10 years
we're going to take back trade we're
gonna take back jobs and you know what
china's gonna like it better than before
and it was a what are we gonna do
along with people believe that fact they
say you go with democrats are
step-by-step I'm a world class I have to
get along with everybody I get along
with everybody it's my job but now I'm
running against somebody that's really
shouldn't be allowed two runs
should be allowed to run there's no
reason the cheese AP how was he able to
run when Petraeus his rifle is destroyed
and he did 5% what she did how was she
able to run now worry we'll be going
into will be gone but we're gonna bring
jobs back to bring trade was gonna make
trade a friend of mine I tell his story
all the time excavator he dig dig dig
foundations and structures he did extra
made a tremendous excavator and he buys
a lot of equipment and he always put
capital by the way I look what's
happened to that shocked and I was
telling the story year ago so I
predicted it just like I wrote that
Osama bin Laden in my book the America
we deserve I read about Osama bin Laden
in the year 2000 before the World Trade
Center get knocked down it's pretty good
right but he's an excavator
me these very disappointed as you what's
wrong he said I just ordered a
tremendous amount of equipment from
Japan its net income up to I said how is
he said it's good it's not as good as
caterpillar but it's very good but they
cut the ending manipulated the currency
could do anything else I owed it to
myself and my family I could do anything
else about it that's what's happening
and I see it and look at caterpillar
stock I should just two years ago
look what's happening jarred come our
companies are being decimated by
currency manipulation and we have
politicians that don't even know what
the words mean we have a politician that
won't even talk about radical Islamic
terrorism you will not issue the term
and how you solve a problem if you don't
want to even talk about it and I've had
friends of mine that I muslims I have
great relationships with bush's I have
partnerships with was and they called me
up the other day they said not all of
them but they called me up some very
prominent and they say you have done a
tremendous
service at all I'm doing is we have to
figure out folks what the hell is going
on we have some really bad stuff
happening and they called me up and they
said Donald you've done as the service
you really have done a great service and
I was surprised to hear him say it but
they don't much more than we do have a
problem and we've got to solve the
problem but you can't solve the problem
if you put yourself in a corner and
don't want to discuss it you can't do it
so we're gonna solve a lot of problems
we're gonna take that trade back we're
gonna be tremendous you know sworn is
building a tremendous plant in Mexico
right we don't get anything that closing
plants in Michigan what are we doing how
does that benefit us they gonna build in
Mexico then mexico's gonna make cars
trucks and parts and they gonna send
them a judge would like the stupid
people not gonna happen that pesto is
running a big factory from Chicago to
mexico I'm never eating Oreos again i'm
telling never gonna guess I'm not eating
that kinda stuff is not which is not
good but then I couldn't do that and we
did it to us up jobs in factories they
gonna pay tax when they said that struck
back into the united said she was going
to build this big big plant from
farrakhan company is all set the deal
was all done all of a sudden they
announce its a great state incredible
people I mean I have rallies in
Tennessee you wouldn't believe it all of
a sudden they announce its going to
mexico it's not going to Tennessee we're
not gonna let that crap happened without
letting it happen
alright we want jobs we're not gonna be
the people that are lit by stupid people
and we're embarrassed to almost a person
the other day is a terrible thing to say
that person was in Europe they were
embarrassed to say that from the united
states can you believe this can you
believe it you know in the old days my
daughter was anybody have a great person
but she said you know daddy when she was
in Europe as a little girl she said a
lot of things were made in the USA this
a made in the USA and that was quality
and I remembered as some of you remember
it made in the USA
detonated Japan that was cheap stuff
that we have made in Japan level it was
garbage now it's like you don't see i
don't even though we have sides say made
in the USA I haven't seen them do they
use that side of the ball and she said
in Czechoslovakia which was communist
they would take a dollar bill and people
would scotch tape it to the windshield
of the car because there was so amazed
and so proud of America they just wanted
any civil and they take dollar bills and
scotch tape because they had I guess two
words that pride and respect for our
country we don't have that anymore
without respected by anybody anymore
that's why we have tragic this look
everywhere I go I'm crowds like this
everywhere everywhere we have the
biggest crowds by four because this
isn't just like let's go and have a good
time somebody said Oh trucks and great
entertainers at a lot of books yet I'll
tell you we have a message we have a
message and the messages we don't want
to let other people take advantage of
this I was we have rebuilt china we've
rebuilt it you go to China now they have
bridges like the George Washington
Bridge all over the place that's like
this full bridge all over the place we'd
rebuilt it with the money they've sucked
out here
think of it think of it they take our
jobs they take our manufacturing they
take on money they take place and we
right now
China 1.5 trillion dollars like a magic
act is happening with me I have
endorsements from incredible people to
people that I want you know I don't care
of a guy like Jeb Bush never do it
wouldn't bother me at all I think it's a
negative if you will but I have guys
like Carl Icahn a great business guy we
need those guys have to go and put the
AG's to work and she always how great
their nobody can beat our business
people have the greatest in the world
but we don't use them we use political
hacks we use donors we used special
interests of make deals in order that
their companies and their countries are
taken care of that's what we do so you
know I'm self-funding ok I'm sofa I'm
putting up my own money I mean when I
fly in that place believe me it's
expensive I think for ok but you know
what I tell you a lot of people and I
didn't think it was that big of a deal
and I had people to change you have no
idea what it is I many of us I have
turned down two dollars people wanted to
put money into this campaign and two
packs have turned it down I actually
feel a little money money money money
turn it down and when I go to Iowa
Hampshire and South Carolina and tell
them like the people go crazy it's a big
deal about all this money
supposing I took it and I swear to you I
will not be guided by the people that
they all sit up and started pulling on
it and the right so amazing things that
happen
35,000 people in Mobile Alabama we had
twenty thousand people in the Dallas
Mavericks arena it was an unbelievably
like three days four days to fill it up
we had twenty thousand people in
oklahoma in iowa and we have the biggest
crowds by many times it and I couldn't
say it with all those things because you
know you have deadlines but at the most
incredible i dont Iowa New Hampshire go
to South Carolina unbelievable to say it
this way no matter where we go I call it
we because it's we were all together Sat
me when I started this journey
good president that I can tell you but
when I started this journey in June I
was really focused on trade and China
Japan and Vietnam that's another one now
they're doing a number on it took a lot
of jobs out of business and they're all
doing everybody's doing the number like
that big bully dummies it doesn't know
what the hell they're doing but when I
shot in the drug trade and was about the
border and because I'm so strong in the
blood and nobody can be stronger than me
and you know you haven't noticed how
these guys are opening their all week
they were members of a gang of eight you
know the gang of eight come on it folks
right now the role and they were all
sent home with terrible language with
truck now they're all coming trying to
be more and more
they can never get more so than me
because I know how to do it I gotta get
these guys every one of them said you'll
never get to me it's easy when they said
no one gonna make it three hours so you
not everybody should be able to
negotiate with them as well I don't want
to sit and watch a three hour debate to
ours is better I could debate for 25
hours for help once the lights for three
hours so they said you'll never be able
to get out of innocent guess I will I
called ahead of CNBC 33 minutes and we
had a two-hour debate so here it is
folks in a nutshell the trade stuff is
easy and I i thought so much fun jump
eres tu vienes tires not this country
but say paris and by the way it's none
of those people that were slaughtered in
Paris with $132 many more going to die
that decimated their there as we have in
california more going to die there in
very bad shape we have 14 dead more
going to get some of those people
Paris probably the number one place in
the world for gun control Paris and
French you have a gun unless you're a
bad guy you can view on it some of those
people had a goal or a gunshot right up
into their way
Oregon right over here jess and I
guarantee you the result would have been
a hell of a lot better
would have been a hell of a lot better
talk to some people especially from
liberal New York City everything's
democratic national gun control but I
said supposing i'm talking with people
very successful people but their control
and I'm the exact opposite I think I
think it's no great see you debate them
and they know that yet when the debate
but they still don't change in with your
second Amendment has to be and
strengthen but it has to be we cannot
let them take that away from us and
believe me there's a movement to take it
away and as a new movement is bullish
they want to take bullets away if I
become president and believe me you can
relax nothing's gonna be happening ok
nothing is going to be a car we have to
bring our education back locally will
save a fortune
we want the parents like you and you say
it I see it in your eyes we want the
local people to take care of their kids
education as opposed to bureaucrats in
Washington but I see guys like bush and
others that are very common core just a
way of taking care of your friends what
that is is bureaucratic nightmares that
people couldn't care less about your
children may be some of them do but a
lot of them really just care about how
much money they gonna make a month or a
week at bringing education back locally
I told you before we spent more per
pupil by far
number second isn't even close so
obviously is not working so we have a
lousy educational system we're gonna
change it we're going to bring it local
and it's going to be great and it's
gonna take place immediately it'll go
quickly quickly report suggested
bringing back jobs I can't do that so
easy it's changed a little bit since
parish that since california where a lot
of the post it came out they say Trump
is number one on security Trump is
number one on terrorism and you know but
as far as like
these massive numbers on terrorism like
everybody wants truck for the protection
is a no idea what they're doing
it's not political and it's not it's not
politically correct but it's really
correct its gonna save everybody's like
I had to think last night I talked about
the internet so I see is using our
internet much better than our people
right even though we invented the
internet using it so last night I said I
want to infiltrate the internet but
people's freedom of speech
do that this was that what they want to
kill you
well we don't know where these people
coming from whether they come from they
are using the internet show brilliantly
the good news is we have people in
silicon valley that a far better than
they are we have to get them involved we
had to get them engaged whether we
knocked the hell out of their addictions
them in the ice territories which by the
way are getting larger by the day how
long have I been saying the hell out of
the Royal right right three years and I
wanted to give it to our wounded
warriors in our vets and the families of
people that we kill paramilitaries so
strong and so powerful that nobody's
gonna mess with us and we'll never have
to use it it's going to be cheap will
never have to use it don't forget I was
it gets the war in Iraq and you see that
they go back to 2003 because I could
totally destabilize the Middle East I
was against it
we're gonna make our military so strong
we're going to take care of our vets
gonna take care of their training
horribly and it's never been
gallery three weeks ago set actually the
vets are treated very well that she
hadn't reached interstate three weeks
ago we going to take care of our great
veterans better than ever and we put in
a plan and everybody loves it would take
care of our vets wait getting rid of
Obamacare will come up with something
that I will tell you I just hope you go
out and about
because we have a little structural
problem republicans have a disadvantage
election so unless it's gonna be a
movement type of event like i think is
happening where we can actually run the
whole we can run the table on but unless
it's going to be something like I see
happening thousands and thousands of
people something is going on and it's
beautiful to see ladies and gentlemen
we're going to make America great again
better than ever before I love you I
love you thank you thank you thank you