thank you very much so nice so amazing
so it it is so great to be with you
tonight and this was a little tough
weather so a couple of hours ago they
said mr. job by the way I Love You More
Love You couple of hours ago they're
saying I'm sorry sir you gonna have to
cancel your trip to you imagine
they said it's going to be too tough and
to top the flying is dangerous it's
really it's not exactly nice outside
right I said I can do that now i cant to
identify it was marginal I have got here
so you know in as you probably heard in
california they're having a tremendous
problem right now
killed as of now and I guess there's one
that's on the loose or they're having a
fight this is when we appreciate our
grade beliefs and our law enforcement
they don't get enough credit they should
get it and you're always going to have
some bad apples juicy and television no
matter what business you're in the bank
and everything else but i wanna tell you
they do one hell of a job and when you
see these shoot-outs when you see these
shoot-outs I can tell you one thing I
don't want to do it you don't wanna do
it so we want to thank the police and
law enforcement there and believable and
with that being said I think could we
have a moment of silence lot of people
killed and in honor of those victims
generally let's have a moment of silence
okay thank you thank you
so we have some really special people
here the most powerful people there are
black pastors you've been hearing a lot
about it and we had some incredible
times over the last few days and we've
had great support it wasn't covered
properly never does
they are so designed as they
but you probably read where large I'm I
don't even know the number but a large
group of black passes came to see me in
New York and then add it was really
great and one of them was doctor and
Pastor Steve parson and she put together
a group of endorsers all endorsers and I
said well you're endorsing me I'm
bringing you up for a couple of seconds
I'm gonna say I don't know if these
people want to be preached to tonight we
want to hear about other things to Steve
you know can take over the whole nine
not just you know that's ok but he's a
great guy he was in New York with the
others and I just used in all over
television over the last couple of days
and he is a beautiful guy so Steve come
on up with your friends come on up
black ministers in India we have one
token brother over there but I will say
this dead people ask me why you endorse
and download from my opinion he's the
best and only one that can be hillary
Clinton st
we got a win and one thing about damage
up is easy winner
to he knows how to create wealth can I
get a man and as a black minister of
estate in the inner city and I tell you
we need jobs we need employment we need
businesses and I tell you who better to
help us help ourselves into a person he
believed that this is a movement a
movement and I believe that we're in a
situation now where this country called
america is going to come back and be
made great again in iraq has a wealth
transfer of wealth and move it okay and
then I'll tell you one thing mr Sharp is
going to make this military strong again
to take anybody's mess
sometimes cities and can be pretty tough
can be pretty tough it can also be
rewarding and they get great rewards
thank you very much and thank you still
got a lot going on in this country and
tweeted I'm on my way to manassas I'm on
my way and here I go and precise said
we're going to Virginia than with the
juices you look at what's happening with
our country and I said you know what you
have sign considering we don't have good
subject matter and we have really bad
subject matter we don't want anymore we
don't win we never win we don't win with
the military we don't win with trade we
don't win with deals any kind of deals I
look at that are randall it's one of the
worst things I've ever seen
think they've already violated the deal
you know that I don't know if you have
you her they've already violated the
deal the ink isn't even dry ok it's not
even dry and they violated to deal so we
don't do it anymore you you look at
surprises race wise guy over here she
says surprised you're right who said
that sick and I want a very good
very good so we're going to start
winning and big gonna win gonna win
we're gonna get rid of Obamacare which
is a disaster people involved with the
whole Obama thing and the democrats
several problems over it because you
know they voted and it was a fraudulent
vote let's face it cuz obama lied to
your senators and congressmen who happen
to be democrats Obama line 28 times he
said keep the doctor keep you plan to
keep your everything everything is great
is gonna be and then these guys got
stuck with it and now they have to
defend him and that I could be able to
defend it and what did it go into a
niggling but we have a plan to sell much
better so much cheaper you look at
what's happening with deductibles on
Obamacare and it's out of control
you don't use it if you get hit by a
tractor maybe you'll get a couple of
bucks premiums have gone up 35 45 and 55
percent and just the other day and a lot
of very good newspaper strictly and even
in the bed once and there are plenty of
these guys so dishonesty
such dishonesty with the the mainstream
media I will tell you such total
dishonest but if you look at the if you
look at over the last few days you
seeing a lot of stories that Obamacare
is collapsing of its own way and and in
2017 unfortunately you know it's gonna
go now so that he has to straighten out
but he's not going to straighten up
correctly
correct his a guy we've got ice and
others that want to destroy us and he's
worried about global warming and and he
believes this and he believes God global
warming he comes out all the time
biggest problem is global warming and I
say is this real
are we living in the world you have
people that want to blow up our cities
wanna kill all of our people cutting off
heads like no tomorrow in the Middle
East and bar were doing everything did
drowning people in cages we haven't seen
anything like this since medieval times
medieval times and read a chapter heads
until you know you you just over the
last couple of years
ad and it's true
who ever heard of this this is a vicious
group of animals and we've got to stop
them and we're going to stop them so
strong and so fast so strong now one of
the things I want to tell you this
because a lot of you have heard mistaken
you seen it was covered in live
television they get ratings I as they
get ready to make a fortune and I can't
stand them and they can't stand me
they're always lying and not telling the
truth but they always put me in a live
televised nobody else those on the Left
television these other guys running for
office a forcible they don't have crowds
like this
believe me they have
because he has like 59 people still he
stands up be such thinking everybody
falls asleep we can make a lot of money
with him and the other ones if they have
a hundred people it's a lot every every
place we have thousands and thousands
this was all a restricted by the size of
the room and we have talent stacked and
the fire marshal I love with the fire
marshal what he was so good to have a
lot of people standing outside coming in
the back right you're right man so but
great people here
great great people but we are going to
just something that's a special because
you know it was just mentioned movement
what do you think the movement of said
it's a moment I didn't I never told him
that he might have listened cos I used
the expression sometimes but this is a
movement I go to dallas where the
mavericks plane had like the Mavericks
good players and the owner Mark Mark
Cuban has been great he's been great to
see you know I have to tell you he said
you want to use it use it and I was like
on a Thursday I said when said Monday I
said how many seats you have like twenty
thousand we filled up in a day and a
half
we had we had time left over we had
twenty thousand and Dallas we had twenty
thousand and Oklahoma 35,000 people in
Mobile Alabama and everywhere we go and
and I mean literally we go up to new
hampshire we have crowds are many many
many times the size of anyone else
nobody has even close Thank You Man
thank you man had school and I like that
and it looks better without with that
sort of ok had a hair wigs and I
wouldn't say the greatest ever seen but
it's acceptable hey hasn't hurt him and
me and say thank you very much not just
an honor to be here but would it be so
proud so I started this whole thing as
you know in June and takes courage to
run for president
never done this before and I've
self-funding my own campaign all these
other guys like blood
disgrace they totally control again and
I could add a pack you know bush raised
a hundred and twenty-five million
dollars and he's dying in the balls
rubia I I won't say it was so far a
couple of him I like but that'll end
because they all have to go through me
as crews example crews been great to be
a great point he's gonna have to say I
get to attack him because otherwise I'm
gonna come in second place in third
place of something so they've all got to
attack and I love it when they take you
so far everyone that's attacked me his
gun thing go right down they've got down
big league I shouldn't say this in front
of the best since brazil say that's not
nice is that ok so like winning I mean
it's all about winning it's really about
make America great again that's when I
today I read a big big card at home that
everyone's afraid to fight me because
you know you look at very very nice man
from Texas right Governor Perry and he
was so nice to me and all of a sudden
one day ahead in the sense that he was
vicious and violent went to Washington
made his speech the whole speech was
about me for like a half an hour and I
had to attack him and I attacked very
viciously and I feel guilty not really I
attacked you remember on the glasses and
attacked him on the IQ okay and then you
have a guy like Lindsey Graham his a
sitting senator and you go to South
captured by the way his plan I know so
much more than he does his plan is so
bad it so it's just remember that in the
american wages I read that book in 2000
I wrote about Osama bin Laden we gotta
take him out you gotta know where to use
your power and I said and I don't know
how many people show up in a couple of
the announcers in the morning they said
what was it 2000 so I had Osama bin
Laden and the reason is I watching I
listened and there's a big mouth who is
very tall and I said wait a minute let
me ask you I hear some friends
his friends friends you know they don't
think they do you know we want to be a
unifier and we have to be a unifier we
have to be funny thing is I do a great
job with things and they will be a big
beneficiary but maybe they just don't
understand it yet maybe maybe the police
could move them away so we can all hear
ourselves George we have to have to
there we have to thank you thank you
thank you
please sometimes and then please be
gentle and then they say he is too soft
you can't win if you could remove them
as soon as possible
police out there I think after the bill
after the build up my game I think they
gonna do a great job
yeah we have to move them thank you
thank you very much pouring in through
them that coming in and and you know the
saddest part you have a few people that
thousands of people here and the media
the headlines tomorrow will be protests
right you know what we have and I say I
saying in a sense strongly I used to use
the term silent majority and determine
use over the years and it really is
people that have been abused and we have
a majority but we don't know we have
enjoyed it but it's not a silent
majority is really become a noisy
majority
it's the noise you majority and that's
okay that's okay because we have to be
we have to be heard now folks because
our country is going to hell we have a
president who's incompetent I'll tell
you what this guy is grossly incompetent
when I watch him taking all of this time
and you know what I want clean air I
want clean water I wanted to be a match
and I want to be sparkling I want to be
great I want so many environmental
awards over the United develop a good
I'm really a great development time a
politician I meant he environmental
awards and I'm proud of them I think
it's a great thing but it's got it's
gotten out of control and this whole
global warming thing you know they
change and global warming climate change
extreme weather the reason is it's never
sort of work in the extreme weather once
about that's that's right you know you
see I remember during the winter we had
sort of a bad storm and they said oh wow
this is global warming global warming
and it's unbelievable in the snow was
all over the place and they said we
haven't had a stone out this was tired D
number one snowstorm was in 1889 which
blew everything out the window we're
gonna have you know like this like this
and we do want we want clean air and we
want clean water and other but it's
gotten to a point people are making a
fortune off this stuff and our
businesses are being hurt our
manufacturers can compete giant is over
there right now laughing like hell and
Barack Obama because we're stopping our
plans from functioning and make it so
expensive and not any better solution
was so we're stopping our plans we're
doing all of this damaged China's
agreeing to do things in May
years from now and they'll violate the
agreement hundred-percent because they
always do just like a rand was just like
everybody does well like the dummies
like that just the dummies I we used to
be so proud that we feel so stupid will
let by stupid people and we can happen
and we can happen any time believed by
the way what I'm going to do is to take
some questions in awhile you not to me
it was brutal to get here today I might
as well stick around for a while so so
what was thinking about it in another
few minutes to talk a little bit about
what we have and I want to take some
questions because I always thought I
love it I love taking questions even if
they're vicious horrible violent
questions will take them anyway one
thing you know with Hillary she doesn't
have the strength of the stamina to be
president she doesn't happen and I know
I know I can look yesterday was a
businessman one of the magazine cinema
world class business been great I'm a
great kisser I paid a fortune and I want
to put that same thinking for the
country all 19 trillion dollars it's
gonna be 21 trillion dollars very soon
you see this ridiculous budget that was
just passed like they passed it
immediately
nobody's fights I always say I know
where the democrats are coming from but
the republicans in a way a more
disappointing because they go you elect
him and you know what happens and let
you add in Virginia where the greatest
upsets in full time and he deserved to
be upset by the way you know he's back
in bush that was the end of push can you
believe that but it was one of the
greatest up since I think it never
happened before and you were so I mean
you know what happens is they say we are
going to end Obama we are gonna make our
military strong we're going to take our
pet sit within a makeup veg so happy
everything's gonna be great while Bob
Hall words you know it's all talk no
action politicians right and you love
her
and your own forum and they win their
election and they go to Washington I
always say it and there with their wife
or husband and they say look look Mary
we finally made it look at the beautiful
look at the beautiful columns look at
this this is like they go into the
capital million they say this is this is
now they have a vote on Obamacare vote
on camera but I don't want to leave this
place is beautiful
don't they let us down they left I
promise you one thing if I win you say
when we're not always but I have to say
look I am against fifty guys it was 17
and was 17 hours 15 at its drying up
then she know you guys with zero and
they continue to go along time we cannot
be good for them I mean you guys like
pataki
get elected dog catcher you have guys
obviously you have guys that can't even
if you think about it can't even the
kick it one percent they can't get
anything they actually had one of them
down with a zero and an arrow pointing
left nothing less than zero was on
television I think that's a
typographical error of some kind of less
than zero but it's like that's what it
is and some of them didn't even register
in upcoming stage and now they've missed
at times right they've missed at times
and I was told that this ten times well
if God is willing to put up money
because he knows he's not gonna win or
you can't get enough signatures to
register in a Virginia or South Carolina
or New Hampshire or wherever it may be
but numbers of them haven't registered
why do we allow them to debate
if somebody gives up to say to Virginia
or somebody gives up the state of South
Carolina because you know they're pretty
hard to get on the ballot they are by
the way I'm already on the ballot I
gotta thank you thank you just saying we
helped you know we had so many many
times the number of signatures we needed
a lot and we did it so quickly who did
it you did it right here stand up and
take a pass but thank you honey I'm
really great job I know that if somebody
doesn't get on the ballot and they can't
get on at the same time limit so that
means they gave up you know I'm major
state self plez why would you let them
on the debate stage to waste everybody's
time and they're already at zero or one
or two why would you allow him to be on
the debate stage is saw unfair shake
what are we doing and you don't have
time to talk mister drop the war in the
Middle East in 30 seconds sir what would
you do and you know it's funny on the
debates and i dont have you seen this
but I think almost or just about every
single poll where they do the online
polls after the bay drugs was an amazing
guy buthelezi ever met trudge trudge
he's an amazing guy but dredge time
magazine slate every one of these groups
and doing things online polls are like
six or seven everyday I've won every
single pole in every single debate and
I'm really happy
now I'll tell you can become a big story
so the other day I said I i don't want
to bring in my ok so let's say they
would have had a couple of million
people watching the first debate right
and it used to be that these debates
nobody even wanted to the television on
the road ahead I think they forced them
down their throat you have to take the
debate on what they can you license so
the first debate was by Fox and they had
24 million people actually more than
that after the final numbers but 24
million people which was about the
largest in the history of cable
television right
the next line was CNN within 23 million
people now think of this
CNN's coverage I'm pretty big events
like lures and other things right in the
history of CNN it was the highest-rated
show them and they made it three hours
which I shouldn't I could stand up I
could do this for 20 hours they wouldn't
matter but nobody wants to watch this
stuff than three hours especially when
ninety percent of the people I know
they're not doing the doing and I don't
even know why they're doing but nobody
wants so that wasn't here and then we
went to CNBC where john harwood what an
idiot you know how bad it's not even a
person and I have to tell you for four
weeks before that he was so nice to me
wonderful you know mister drop your
grade and then he comes out with a
question here is it mister truck and you
know it is going to start off the day
but they wanted three hours because
advertising sells the so much now that
they make a fortune and i said im not
gonna lie
and everyone said these people never be
able to stop him and I said yes I
stopped I think it took they what do you
think about three minutes I'm not going
and I have to tell you Carson said he'll
go along with it so that was very nice
then carson had he said that I have to
give credit where credit is due
as I've been a little bit rough on him
but I have to give credit when he came
along and he said I would go along and
just so I went and I said the two of us
and they sold it like an umbrella it
took 20 minutes so now my big thing is
they also get Mexico to pay for the wall
trying trying to build
it's going to be a great you know in
China they built the Great Wall of China
2013 thousand miles long ok this is all
right in our case we need really a
thousand miles its 2,000 miles but
someone's natural borders now job areas
which are pretty good but you know what
that use it right so what about a
thousand miles and so we're 2013
thousand this was two thousand years ago
they didn't have trucks they did have
tractors they did it the old-fashioned
way right and they got it done and it is
a big wall so what we have is to build a
wall and we're gonna stop people from
coming into our country illegally
and if people wanna come in legally we
want them to come in that to go through
the process had a people wanted to come
in now when I first mentioned his all of
the other candidates again we started
with 17 now down to fifty but they gonna
start falling like flies you watch at
some point to leave I mean we got this
one guy he's terrible is the worst I've
ever seen
know the guy is the worst debater he's a
professional politician he can't think
properly he's terrible terrible we have
again I told you so they do a poll and I
mean I'm like how do you beat the
senator in Florida so in florida you
have told you have a governor and you
have a sitting senator who by the way it
doesn't vote he is involved how would
you like to be in sauna and you invested
a young guy you invested him you take
him too hard and that's a great position
right United States he's in there for
about 20 seconds why why but how would
you like to have a guy who just now
you've put in a lot of time and effort
but if a man says he's gonna be a
senator and then he goes around
campaigning and fundraising he was
yesterday Homeland Security very
important meeting in Washington he chose
to go to a fundraiser in california now
I don't know that i'm gonna win for sure
but I am killing them in Florida and I
think I have the ultimate sound find a
guy first of all Rubio is very very weak
on illegal immigration and so you can
when bush just to put an end to that
energy but we don't need low-energy
people
we can't afford them hilary is she
doesn't have the strength she does that
the stamina but she'll do it and then
won't show up like 45 sleeps like this
and and it's actually not we should be
laughing we should be crying because she
is by far the front-runner I mean this
other guy who gave it up when he said no
emails bernie bernie he gave it up I
think he just had a hernia operation you
know he was carrying around the tax code
that he wants to make larger
I actually just now he just had a hernia
operation but he's got no chance he took
hillary and he gave her the election and
is getting the second largest crowds I'm
out by the way my grades blow everyone
away I wasn't I was in Sarasota Florida
and what a great place and we have
had a time limit is twelve o'clock
football games everything we had twelve
thousand people and i dont i dont have
it say how many people I let the
government says now because we have an
amazing secret service people have
amazing people that work here I let them
say because every time I say it if I'm
off by three people who make like
headlines and create 12,000 people
nobody nobody but when Bernie Sanders
would have a group of five thousand
people I get much bigger things than he
does now in the meantime has been going
down the tubes went to talk about it
much anymore but the just hillary
shouldn't be allowed to run because what
she did is illegal
I wanted to run I wanted to run and by
the way the foxhole just came out I beat
her easily in the box below
you know I can't believe I had this
whole thing and I never mentioned post
and I could use and then everybody in
the press and my opponents he always
talks about polls you know why because
I'm winning all of them if I would
honestly think about it one of the major
mainstream as me that's a long ago why
do you always talk about balls and I
didn't I never thought of a question I
said I don't know because of winning I'm
winning every poll it's good to talk
about him I don't know what the hell
knows what they mean I think they mean
something right it is not a strange you
know the interview 392 people and they
say with certainty that your plus or
minus 3 an amazing thing I studied at
Wharton I guess it works but then when
you have many many many her number one
in every single line and number one in
every single and number one i mean you
look i number one new hampshire number
one South Carolina and big margin ya
gotta really work hard to catch me in
new hampshire let me tell you and the
people and I hate people and then you go
down south carolina tremendous every and
then we go to nevada tremendous and in
Nevada I win the Hispanic vote ok they
do and I've always said I'm gonna win
this
because I'm gonna bring jobs back im
bringing jobs back im bringing back from
China and I'm bringing back from Japan
and I'm bringing back from Mexico and
I'm bringing back from vietnam every
place we don't have jobs again we're
going to have jobs the number one and
probably get it tonight so I can maybe
just avoid this question but I guess I
go around I see a lot of different
places I use a lot of college auditorium
saddam because the crowd sizes and a lot
of students come up Mr Trump what can
you do to help us which and the biggest
thing their children with a den go two
years or four years to college and
they're good good colleges and they
can't get a job it's one of the most
heart wrenching questions again and you
see this and they're borrowing money
from and to enlarge the federal
government with the only thing it's just
about the only thing the federal
government makes money with this should
be making money with what we're gonna do
something with it and you know I don't
know what's going on with the colleges
but those colleges that going up like to
skyrocket you know things are sort of
even though it is going up at the
college is so somebody's doing something
wrong with it and one of the region's
ecology is because the federal
government pays for the students but the
students can afford to pay that much and
we gotta look a little bit into the
college is why are they going up more
than anything else they must be making a
fortune
let's buy a college or by acknowledged
up I don't buy but but there is
something going on but one of the
saddest things is when you see these the
worst is really good and I feel so badly
for him but it gives me because I'm
gonna create the jobs they can't get
jobs and with it
change that around when they go and they
do a good job especially really hard to
be good stewards and then they can't
they come out they come out and they
can't find anything they don't know what
to do and then they own money to the
federal government and everybody else
and they've done everything they can to
get through college with you know we
need to start winning in this country
and within a start helping them out we
gotta help them you know I always talk
about the bets and everybody does have a
great debt plan nobody treated worse
than the Mets illegal immigrants are
treated better than events I'm telling
treated better than our heads and that's
gonna end within a treat our hats within
a cheetah and I plan couple of weeks ago
I was on a great great shape and we went
it was an amazing day on the Wisconsin
and we put on the battleship is that
looks like an author I love renovating
you know I love buying a building the
foundations of the structures there the
outside is there have to replace windows
sometimes if you can give them to keep
him like I'm doing the old post office
in Washington Way has one of the most
beautiful buildings in Washington was a
disaster thirty years but it out to bid
think of it in the Obama administration
deal-maker one of the most sought-after
properties in the history of the
government services you know GSA and
we're now under budget and ahead of
schedule
think of that that's what you want in
the country that's what you want then
the country has got to be one of the
best hotels anywhere in the world the
Trump International
somebody said well we have to keep the
name that government they were saying we
have to keep the name but I will tell
you and I've dealt with the GSA and
they're really terrific people that you
really have some great people in
government you really do if we can be
led properly this country is going to go
to a level that you won't even believe
I've been saying over the last two
months have met so many people like
yourselves and it's really similar this
so much love in the room but I've met so
many people and i've seen the genius of
these people and I've been saying in my
opinion I really think we have the
potential to add greater than ever
before I really believe that will make
it great and will build it up and we'll
make enrich again here's somebody a
woman came up to me said mr. truck
crashed to say Richard
a debtor nation right now she said I'm
voting for you I love you I love you but
please don't say we're gonna make
enrichment to jump it stresses that I
have to say we're not going to cut
medicare you know Carson wants to cut
medicare he wants to get rid of medicare
C you know that's actually a program
that works claim now you have waste
fraud abuse in social security and
medicare will take care of that problem
with paying into your plans now that
coming up to you it's getting to be that
time
me I don't want to say ok we're gonna
needed and i think is unfair after all
these years they want to cut you
Governor Christie wants to wants to
raise the age
age so they have to wait another you
know pretty extended period of time it's
not fair you've been used money back
from all these countries that have been
just absolutely so I said to the woman
said you know what maybe Chris but I
have no choice but to be so rich and
whether what we're going to do I get
talking about tremendous fun stuff again
when a China when you have imbalances of
400 450 billion two hundred and fifty
million wouldn't be good right about 450
billion a year a year and then they say
I am a free-trader I believe in region
but has to be true we can be stupid
people right so Trump is in a free trade
he's not as terrible said no no I'm a
free-trader
14 years we have a trade imbalance with
China over 400 billion every year that's
called dumb trade that's not that we
have to pee and then the head of China
comes and poor Obama so since he greets
him where the state in assets and he
talks about our partner well I want to
be a partner to I can be a partner we're
making $250 and the guy and China he had
been good looking guy strong as hell in
a different system over there that's
like one of these systems pounding each
other and stuff as far as guy gets up to
the top
we don't do that over here that's a
system that I don't have you know how it
went from the time they're in
kindergarten the smartest toughest
smartest that by the time they get up to
that little point that guy he's so he's
looking and talking about this wonderful
relationship we had
he's building island's military islands
in the South China Sea I don't think he
got an environmental impact statement do
you think they went out and said all we
have to do our environmental impact said
no they just thought about 300 X
commanders out there and they started
digging that ocean and dropping thats
and now and by the way I heard this the
other day and I do still things I've
been saying bob the oil and gas now I
did want to go into Iraq I should get
credits the vision and a more
militaristic than anybody other than him
anybody in this room know this guy looks
like this seriously but I'm more
military said that anybody in this room
but I want to build that military says
Trump what I've been saying don't go
into Iraq and it two thousand and three
or four a delegation came from the white
house cuz I get a lot of publicity for
whatever then I do the apprentice that
was a huge hit by the way they wanted to
extend me they came in ahead of an
incredible guy came to my office with
executives from NBC and they wanted to
run for president he said no no no we
want to thank you
nobody nobody would be season 15 and 16
I mean you know it's been a great head
and I said no and I just held my breath
you know the famous escalator seeing I
held my breath I said to my wife are you
sure I want to be doing this and I said
let's go and we went down that escalator
had withstood the press the press I mean
even now look look at tonight it's it's
so many cameras the other a look at all
those red lights every word everywhere
everywhere but you know it's an amazing
things I said to my wife come on let's
go and she waved and I'm waving and then
I went up and talked about illegal
immigration and little did I know I was
hitting a nerve that was so incredible
made that speech and I talk about what's
happened to that you had Jameel killed
which uses a wonderful man you saw his
father probably over the last couple of
days until they just shot for no reason
whatsoever
shot and then you seek in San Francisco
shot by an illegal and you see all of
the tremendous growth and all of a
sudden people rush limbaugh said
nobody's ever taken more in coming to
drop this is gonna be like this I don't
last for a year and a half I never heard
that term with respect to the press said
the PR incoming like that and then has a
news conference in the doubles down and
he said I'm right about somebody else
it's because I know how it works we
ought to be slightly gotta be somebody
else when I got up and other people have
said I'd like to apologize for any way I
can apologize to the people for them he
can't do that when you're right but i
said i myself at this level of intensity
there is no way any human being can make
it for a year but all of a sudden people
so I was right and if I didn't bring
that up and invited to take all of that
unbelievable harsh and unfair punishment
from the mainstream media I'll tell you
what we wouldn't be talking about
illegal immigration we wouldn't be
talking about the crime and don't kid
yourself I don't mention that that often
because I'm really good at this stuff
but the jobs are being taken away from
people that are in our country
tremendous numbers of jobs so we need to
change that whole system it's gonna be
changed
remember this you know you have to get
points revision when you elect somebody
I think I have everybody in this room
I'm pretty sure that everybody thinks
I've been places and they say well there
there because he's a great entertainer
I'm not here to entertain folks I'm not
an entertainer I'm not a lot of the you
know I like the people in the room are
there because he is a wonderful show in
a wonderful entertainer and that's not
the reason we're here to please don't
waste my time with the entertainment
stuff I'm not an entertainer believe me
I'm somebody that knows how to get
things done I'm a guy that's won all my
life whether it's the apprentice or
business or whether it's the art of the
deal what are the most incredible one of
the biggest selling business books of
all time I think the biggest but I want
to say one of the
Kilda by saying the but I think it is
the biggest selling business books we
gotta win we can win together one of the
things I've been saying right take you
take do you think we should have been
there
Iraq Iran fighting fighting fighting
they love to fight we want to rebuild
our country right site we build a gas
station did you see the gas station
43 million dollars and then it didn't
work
ok ok I get every $1 in this country we
don't have any money if we want to build
a school children we don't have any
money if we want to fix up our roads and
our bridges are falling down in China
the building bridges all over the place
ok so I said take the oil and keeping we
should never been in Iraq but take the L
because if you don't we've spent two
trillion dollars
thousands of lives the wounded warriors
and we give some of that oil to the
families of the people that have lost
their chance and we give money to
wounded warriors are the most incredible
of all people I deal with the time I
deal with him and I see him and they had
the biggest smile and they may be
missing their legs they may be missing
and are they may be worse than that and
their their strength is I think to me
the strongest of all I've never said
they liked it but the problem is so we
go into Iraq at least two trillion
thousands of lines wounded warriors got
nothing
nothing we don't have anything whatever
happened to the victim belongs the
spoils in the old days when we were
smart and strong which were not anymore
with stupid people will stop it was
being led by stupid people and we're
stupid because we allow these people
they get into office how does it happen
and I'll tell you the few people that
are demonstrating that will end up
getting a much bigger but that's ok but
the few people if they were standing in
most of those people become converted
they agree with me they agree with
because let's not do agree with what am
i said im sayin common sense I'm saying
a little business i'm saying a lot of
heart because I want to take care of
people that can you know they're going
to be people that can't afford anything
you can't let them republicans you can't
let them die in this he says he wants to
help people they don't have any money
but we have to let them die and it's not
so we'll be able to do it but we'll get
great plans and everything else but if
you think of it what am i doing I'm
saying why I liberals or why are
democrats opposed I don't think they are
I really don't know there's some bad
people into doesn't matter but I don't
think they are very interesting Lee one
of the poll said more people if I win
and Hillary wins they say more people
will come to the polls in the history of
the country just like if you think of it
just like the 24 and the 23 million
people set the record they said and it
just came out CNBC that is good and they
say the people that come to vote for
truck they also check it out and I'll
tell you the other thing yet gotta be
tough on the border and some of the
Hispanic baby won't like it but they
left me because
and the one cent a year thank you aware
that sign off here at ICICI great ideas
does make America great again and you
know the african-american vote so
appalled came out recently came out
recently
truck gets 25% of the african vote for
Republican thats
and one of these commentators who's like
devastated because Republican would
normally get five or six percent what do
you think Steve like five or six percent
to have a poll that said I mean I don't
think these past years ago to be
standing up with too many other
candidates you agree with that I don't
think so I have a 25% of the African
Americans want run and one of these
commentators say hey by the way they
hate them winning they have such a hard
time with the polls have been the one
just came out the Quinnipiac poll right
and I'm telling everybody and I'll tell
you
crews and repeat in second place and
they said
tired and they said Romeo and Cruz at
all what about me and I went up a lot I
went up as much more high and I'm
feeling like a lot and they talked about
they did it while Trump is winning the
other people are doing very nicely so
when driving the median nuts
and they're very design is a 70% but
seventy percent are really designed as
what's going to happen is and what did
happen so they mentioned the 25% and one
of these talking heads said you know if
dropped gets 25% of the african-american
vote this election is over he wins and
why wouldn't I think what has he done
what does he think of this and then
we're gonna do russians Obama Obama
African American Hughes 51 percent
unemployment ride your guys our age they
have an employment that's double and
triple what are the people have what the
hell is he done for the
african-americans he's done nothing he's
done nothing I don't think he cares
about him I think he's done nothing it's
all talk at all words with this guy he's
an unbelievable divider I thought he'd
be a great cheerleader for the country
that's one thing I thought I said he'll
unify the country and he's really
divided the country and whether the
unified the country and we're gonna do
amazing whether to set records with the
african-american to come up here that
was such an honor for me tonight
such an honor net and we appreciate so
all of the things that I said and just
to finish before wages have questions if
you were with me two weeks ago I was
much different I was talking about china
all the time and I was talking about
trade and I'm telling you all the best
deals and other companies are all
leaving which drew and then moving to
Ireland and other places and we have two
and a half trillion dollars off so we
can bring it back to our tax laws are so
big and by the way my tax plan I'm
cutting middle income families taxes to
the lowest level that they've been in we
have been destroying our middle class
which built this country and cutting
companies taxes and corporation taxes
and small business taxes down to 15%
right now it's the highest it's ever
been
right now we're number one tax nation
anywhere in the world
anywhere in the world and I bring it
down to the I'm not exactly the lowest
but it will soon I think we can maybe do
that but I'm bringing down to one of the
least tax business nations in the world
so the middle class is gonna be takin
care when we're seriously code so you
don't have to spend your money at H&R
Block and spent a lot of the money the
Jamaican doing is complicated and we're
gonna do some things that are going to
be amazing and we're going to have a
dynamic economy and this country is
going to be rockin and rollin and it's
gonna be something special this country
is going to be something something so
much more special it's already special
at the same but it's gonna be much more
special and is already great but I mean
we're talking about really great and
remember this remember this we have a
great country we have a wonderful
country we love our country but it's
really at the tipping point it's not
going to be there for as much longer
it's not gonna be great much longer it's
a big big trouble we're not going to let
that happen
ok so let's now take some questions come
on give me some good ones come on don't
you have a question
these people did such a good job with my
road they had so many files they had you
know they had what we need like five
thousand signages and you put in for a
five-time how many 16,000 people you
know its size because with the kind of
people I deal with if they find mistakes
so when you have fifteen or sixteen
thousand and you need five they got to
find a lot of his day I thank you very
much so you have a question to ask you a
mega statement you did such an amazing I
need to let you know the citizens of
Virginia and all the Hispanic community
that I represent love you respect you
and are going to vote and support you
thank you very much so nice ok let's go
have a question wherever you want go
ahead
ok a young man come on young guy why
what's going to be made out okay that's
a good question lift him up here bring
him up so come on come on up here come
on
that might be the best question I guess
hardened concrete and is gonna remain at
every bar and CEO you know it's so if
that's what I do
parking plank with a set plank and goes
ninety feet long and how long 19 feet if
you're ninety feet up you don't want to
come down you wanna come down very
gently and they drive trucks over them
and they take trucks with drugs and we
get the drugs and they get the cash not
going to be the trucks driving so it's
going to be made of concrete rebar rebar
steel aggregate to set up a nice heavy
foundations and one of the reasons the
wall wasn't built a lot of people like
the war but they couldn't figure out how
to end this is hard to believe but true
was I right about New Jersey was I right
you should write another one I took such
heat and all of a sudden the last couple
of days reports coming out I get
hundreds of calls and now even some of
the mainstream has been saying it so I'm
very proud of the people would have
taken that abused without saying I'm
sorry there are said to him Paula just
I'm right there's a lot of hatred going
on we need vigilance we need we need
vigilance we can't let this happen they
can't blow up our buildings they can't
cut off our people's heads people's
hands but they can't do it
ok let's have a question thank you mr.
Trump we love your tone on tone
in 1982 when ross perot ran he said
should lightning strike and I get
elected the first hundred we're not
going to weigh 200 days to start doing
something we're gonna do something they
want what you gonna do they want perot
who I haven't known much I know his son
he's a good guy he made a big mistake he
quit then a week later whatever reason I
met anyone who went back it was it was
over but he was you know had a certain
style and he you know I watched I
studied very closely and number one it's
really better to run as a Republican I
will tell you that and i wanna run as a
Republican leading myself before would
you ever run as an independent I just
want to run and win as a Republican with
their clothes with this class will
probably run against the woman who can't
win her whole life has been corrupt it's
been corrupt just not going to win so in
the first hundred days we're gonna knock
the hell out of Obama can sign you know
the great thing about executive orders I
don't have to go back to Congress I
don't have to go back I just sit down
and I will be on signing many maybe not
hold maybe a couple of good ones I doubt
it but we're gonna be on signing a lot
of executive orders especially his order
that basically lets anybody they want
just pour into our country that's good
I'm just gonna start immediately working
on social security
immediately working on medicare so that
we really make it strong
gonna bring we're gonna bring great
things back into this country you gonna
be so proud of me he's got that shirt on
you to be so proud of me thank you for
the question I will be very happy
ok ok well I love Israel and Israel as
our our real strong supporter if you
look at what's going on at and I'll tell
you that I will say it here very soon
I'm going to his the meeting with BB
netanyahu he's a great guy and I
actually commercial during his election
run I i made a commercial I said meaning
I said nice things about him he's a good
man he's worked very hard he has
absolutely no support from President
Obama absolutely not so I will tell you
I am very very very pro ok ok ok how
about the young man and a green shirt
young strong guy go ahead twenty years
old wow did you have any problems or
difficulties I'm very healthy healthy we
have a lot of hats I don't want to mess
around with them right
right okay so I plan on the vets and
people are loving it and as you know
about three months ago on a Wednesday
they announced that in the history of
the veterans administration which is
very corrupt extremely corrupt and yes
I'm great doctors in there by the way
I'm gonna give the good the bad but you
have administrators are a disgrace and
the waiting times and the problems and
people are waiting five days six days in
a waiting room to get in and in the
history of three months ago was the
longest wait in the history of the VA
that's all sir and I put in a plan
that's much more complex than this but
basically we have doctors that are doing
well because of Obamacare we have a lot
of people that aren't too I have a
friend who's a doctor is gonna be
quitting these gonna be like you is
going to retire out that the young age
but he's gonna be retired and he said I
have more accountants and have
complicated it's a horrible the
paperwork is so terrible I don't feel
like I'm a doctor anymore so we have
doctors that have plenty of open time we
have private and public hospitals all
over the place that are doing well and
when they left us veteran said his
standing in line and dying by the way
you saw the numbers people die waiting
to see a doctor that dying hundreds if I
couldn't believe it
the numbers are incredible you know
you'd think 12 but the numbers are
incredible
thousands of men and women waiting for a
doctor may be a simple procedure may be
a pill they end up dying so we're not
going to have to anymore that that's
remember there are greatest people there
are greatest people I wouldn't be here
most of these people would be here so
while it's true
it's true it's true so you not have that
what do you do now what do you do
ok one second so you ask hospitals
across the street doctors right you
gonna get out of there you can see the
doctor say the hospital we're gonna pay
for the bill it's much cheaper and
everyone's gonna be happy it's so much
cheap so with that he used that hospital
that's looking for some business could
be private could be public within two
years doctors that are looking for
business to pay the bill is gonna go
quickly and believe it or not it's going
to be much much cheaper than what we're
doing right now and what we're doing
right now is insulting ok ok I had your
designer I didn't think you were that
you don't look like I'm so that
americans americans love winners and
thank you
thank you thank you darling its own eyes
China I'd like to see more made in
american apparel
get up get out get up so so nice what a
nice question but you know what what she
said is so important to remember the old
days when some of us were young and some
of us weren't even born when talking
about but we have a sick are made in the
USA that meant wild ride out of it said
made in Japan it was like damn good it
was it was terrible now if you don't
have it anymore we had those stickers
made in the USA and that meant super
super quality I just wanna come on over
believe me if I did like the question
she was so nice gotta work to get up
here I'll tell you a secret service
number one all of a sudden protection
nobody can get a look at this
my name is alert and I think he will
definitely make a beautiful angry and I
think guys the fashion world that and so
I'm living overseas for a while but I
would I love you wearing made in America
and it's a great question because
honestly you don't see it anymore you
don't see it anymore we're gonna be so
proud to have that sticker and let's
remember that question that's a very
important question
statement made in the USA was so
important and was such a sign of quality
make that much anymore like it was high
I go to Los Angeles recently I saw ships
the biggest ships you have a scene with
cars coming in from Japan pouring out
there we send them practically nothing
it's a one-sided deal we can't have them
and speaking of USA when was the last
time you saw it
Chevrolet in the middle of Tokyo I'll
bet you did have one right we make good
cars would make great course and now
especially with doing it's gotta be fair
ok let's have a good question about this
guy over here with a good head here this
guy ok this is a question I love you
thank you this is a question for
president which is here how are you
going to deal with president ok
cannot stand Obama like a lot of people
when I was a kid I recently I was on
sixty minutes they interviewed potent
separately they interviewed me got very
high ratings I feel he's my stablemate
alright and I said this couple of months
ago when he started by our country has
as we don't even know who were fighting
we want to find a bad guy but we want to
find a site for rebels and we don't even
know now 35 his side were fighting
russia where fighting other countries
namely end up in world was ruled out
knows what happens right but as such but
the rebels could be I says we have no
idea general told me we have no idea
what we want to give them
and what's gonna happen let's say they
take over Syria tell we don't know
what's good is gonna be turmoil we've
gotta fight ices and I'd love that
Russia is dropping bombs all over eyes I
love it I love ok I mean we have a
president notified how about this two
weeks ago fifty men and maybe when I
don't know
5050 ran over to Syria Iraq I don't
think even those with ago now I just
have to talk what does he have to say
why does he have to stand up and say
we're sending those people have a tard
these are our finest these are our
greatest soldiers right why why do we
have to have to open is now ok now we
just announced yet another small group
over today or yesterday they just
announced we are sending more so these
guys gonna do it doing ok but the
numbers don't even think it's a good PR
move frankly but we're sending men over
to fight the enemy is not stupid they
are not and they are not contained they
are looking for these men and women they
are looking for what the hell does he
have to say you know I used the word
unpredictable we don't have any
unpredictability has a more general
macarthur he wouldn't talk General
George Patton first of all he won't even
be that guy who use foul language but he
was drunk
you couldn't be a general general he was
still crowd he was he was a genius but
he couldn't be a general and i watch on
television I don't want my generals on
television I don't want the enemy
watching one little word so I did a deal
recently was interesting and it was a
great success and they called up my
opponent has he told a reporter Mr Trump
was really tough but we have no
unpredictability we have to get smart
and we're gonna get smart one of one of
the things I have to say but wait one
second though one of the things that
you're gonna say when you leave this
thing that's happening here and in time
that really was important because
together because we talked about this if
Romney could have inspired he failed he
sailed cuz became couldn't have won the
first time because it was such a mess
but should have been an easy victory and
Obama was on about Obama he was on
Letterman he was on Leno whose all over
the place ok well we don't think every
night he was on every show and from the
us if the people in this room who didn't
have all of the other people but if they
had the incentive to get up and go but
they weren't they weren't but we have to
remember then and I think hopefully I
look at the biggest crowds and we have
to remember that ok just something
that's really not so I always liked him
and i know i kno right and I like
Hillary I don't go to sleep I think
about things like hillary goes to sleep
and then you don't see her for five days
and she wakes up and she comes another
vet and Elton John and I love them lol
general you always want to finish with
him and when they do the eye and then
they say they gotta do once the problem
I have is my pastor wants
how can I turn will you do me a favor
passed away you make it a nice question
so I don't leave here in a loan
yeah yeah yeah address this issue either
last night no matter more people with
black on black crime right
tremendous problem in philadelphia over
300 was shot dead by black people
yeah that's my question so true so true
my question is will you dress the black
community
well what we're going to do the crime in
the black community and crime in our
schools I would I went to the
Philadelphia well he is a highly
respected great man in Philadelphia and
the answer is yes yes
I love him ladies and gentlemen I want
to thank you you are spectacular people
doing the easy getting this much loved
in this room we are going to make
America great again better than ever
before I love you I love you thank you