we had a hotel and we're gonna have
about 250 or 300 people and the hotel
was great they called they said
something's happening here we can hold
this is crazy what's going on and then
we went to the convention center and
they can have 10,000 people and we're
all set and we're excited and the next
day they said too many people we can put
them in so we came here
today if you notice we have a stock
market that doing so well we have a
country not doing so well we've been
saying it for a long time we have
politicians other than the few
politicians that are with us and I will
exclude them but we have politicians it
don't have a clue they're all talk and
no action what's happening to this
country's disgrace
running for president I brought up I
brought up the subject of illegal
immigration I took a lot of heat that I
can tell you rush limbaugh sorry said
incoming he got more incoming that
anybody out there to see and two weeks
later everybody was apologizing to me
they saw that I was right between what
happened in San Francisco to do
incredible Kate and her family is such
an incredible family and Jeremy Lin so
many people have been so badly hurt the
other day in California last week a
woman sixty-six years older veteran was
killed raped sodomized tortured and
killed by an illegal immigrant we have
to do it we have to do something we have
to do
the weather is it is dicey that ok but
who cares if it rains right
take off my how do not approve
once and for all that is mine ok so so
we're gonna talk about a lot of
different subjects in and you know it's
nice Friday night like that right
watch that much better
that's what we have here i mean the
people that got the right people so
we'll start with the little talk on the
illegal immigration what's going on
got to stop it we're going to build a
wall and it's going to be you know it's
amazing the politicians 10 years ago
fifteen years ago they all wanted a wall
but it never went it never happened
because somebody didn't wanna probably a
lobbyist you know all these guys like
bush and like hillary clinton they're
all taken care of
I don't know you know
hillary has sixty million dollars and
win jeb bush when Jeff Bush is totally
in favor of Common Core week on
immigration like every week on
immigration want to let people come in
although now he's using anchor baby you
know he put out a memo you cannot use a
baby now because I used it he's using it
politicians but when they have in his
case a hundred and fourteen million
dollars in hillary's case she's got
sixty no I don't know that she's gonna
make it to the gate what do you think
you know General Petraeus over less and
nothing seems to be happening so it will
be very interesting to see what happens
ultimately we have right now and I just
got these numbers today what are the
seven percent of all of the country are
illegal and they supposed to turn out to
be right the 14th amendment
I just got an amazing we start a website
as a bonus
while I'm a non-politician the other day
serb jury duty we used to put those
politician but I will say this we have a
great politician here we have them here
really hope that he's the one person I
saw his counsel because he's been so
spot-on he's so highly respected has
anybody ever heard of senator just
social
people these people want somebody in the
presidency stands up for them and the
laws and traditions of this country we
welcome you here you put into the
immigration issue I'm really impressed
with your plan and no one will make a
difference
agree with that
fragile life so I go around and I see so
many people have been treated so well by
the people and you know we're leading in
every poll
Obama
Florida
and you know it's really a great place
but Florida we have a governor and we
have a sitting senator and I'm killing
them obviously they're not doing a very
good job that shouldn't be happening
Pennsylvania New Hampshire South
Carolina North Carolina taxes
necessarily where we're just absolutely
way ahead of everybody else in fact you
know if this were another country we
could maybe call for an election right I
would like to have the election tomorrow
I don't wanna way so I think we see this
receptivity is that I know the game
better than anybody I've been on the
other side you know I was totally
establishment
millions of dollars all the time do
these characters right I was I was like
the fair-haired boy do I look fair but I
know the game
understand it and so many people have
come up lobbyist I said I don't want
money from lobbyists but recently lastly
your money I don't want your money
because I don't think about it might
take his money but in the end I school
and don't do anything for a great
business and I feel sort of stupid I say
I don't want your money please I promise
I won't Laura told them I said you know
I don't want your money comes in two
years when you come to see me about
something I'm not doing it unless it's
good and less gonna make America great
again right after we think and I think
that because I think I should take a lot
of money allowed to give it to charity
these guys come up and I'm lucky you
know everybody should have doubled in a
run you know that right
my wife actually said you know if the
Junos be pretty well as she also sees
the reaction in for a long time whether
its trump the art of the deal which
Obama and carry obviously did not read
when they did this crazy deal with Iran
I love that book you know I said the
other day and it sort of played pretty
well that is my second help ROV
book always the art of the deal and
that's the real one that's original
that's when they use real paper said the
other day so many people that carry
around the art of the deal because
politicians please please read the art
of the deal when you negotiate with
China and Japan with mexico with vietnam
and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody
you know right now we have a problem
where north korea's getting frisky right
now
recently I ordered four thousand
television set I'd like to hear that
America can you believe I was able to
find that guy you know these hot hot as
a pistol you know that they're made in
America and I'm gonna give you but
believe me I haven't forgotten about you
but then made in America but the other
day I see today it's pretty hot on the
news that are very dear friend is acting
a little bit rambunctious again so I
ordered four thousand television sets
from South Korea whether it's for LG or
any of the Romanian South Korea
a fortune and the wonderful and the
wonderful people can abort we don't do
everybody the most television sets in
this country almost like don't think so
right now they're mostly made other than
Sony which has lost his way too high but
so I see that we're sending ships and
we're getting our troops ready we have
28,000 troops ready just in case bob was
gonna fight with you to protect we get
nothing what we get we get nothing
Saudi Arabia and I get along great with
my apartment from even spent 40 million
to 50 million am I supposed to just like
a man
very much but you know saudi arabia one
billion dollars a dead day before they
all went down a little bit but that's a
minor detail but they were so now they
make it happen in a day that's something
we get nothing and they wouldn't be
there without protection even Germany
Germany's a power who has a
mercedes-benz anybody lot of people
there are power we defend the whole
world where we want to be nice
somebody that's so stupid
alright they said that's terrible to ask
for money they said they said that's
terrible how can you possibly ask for
money to defend the country i mean tell
me tell me now we're sending our ships
were sending our everything we've got
and what does 28,000 troops that we have
right now on the border between North
and South Korea that's dangerous
territory they're in harm's way they're
in harm's way and we get nothing they
take our trade we lose a fortune with a
reporter with china we defend Japan you
know we have an agreement with japan
where somebody attacks apparently we
have to come to their rescue but if we
can attack doesn't have to help us do
you think that's a good year
that's sort of like sergeant berga has
anybody heard of such a traitor
don't know the trader I called President
I called President Obama the 541
president we get sergeant Bergdahl a
traitor who by the way six people that
we know of six people were killed trying
to get this guy back six people they
went after him they wanted to get him
back so we get sergeant Bergdahl and
they get five people that they
desperately wanted for years that are
right now back on the battlefield trying
to kill everybody including US House do
you know the reason we had clouds and no
matter where I go the other night were
in new hampshire we had some new
hampshire was so incredible that
television is gonna be live I should
have a rest blues tonight is live on Fox
it's like we like stocks
and it's always going to be at its live
on MSNBC
but I said you wanted to just cover me
like anybody else would they go the next
day and every time I speak it has to be
live it's not busy day killers but it's
ok right we have to suffer weather but
look the reason I have this really
incredible enthusiasm and i really
appreciate your especially with this
weather and everything else but the
reason I have it is because I do know
what I'm doing and I don't say that a
braggadocio is like you people are
looking for somebody that knows what
he's doing whatever it is you know I
said it the other night my second
favorite book of all time
what's my first favorite book the body
blow the Bible
as much as I love the art of the deal
it's not even close we take the Bible
all the way right I was saying so they
said I wasn't gonna run and everyone's
gonna run it's just having fun just a
good time is Brandon like I care of my
brand this point
gutless macy's because I said about
illegal immigration they dropped my
brand and I'm supposed to be
douglas plus I have too soon Univision
my poor Miss Universe people to
beautiful beautiful women girls but
beautiful women and I get drunk but I
think of it you have these magnificent
women that worked all their lives to be
in the Miss USA contest in the mission
and two weeks before the contest NBC and
Univision because they thought my tone
was a little bit strong I was right
I mean in the case of unification of
$500,000,000
so I actually put it on the other day
Miss Universe Miss USA I put it on
because it was only fair to the people
and we had it under small network and it
was fine but who do that well because
they want to be so politically correct
they actually called and they said I
will get it back on soon will get it
back on soon
you know the case of a couple they said
losses nice car was all over the world a
friend of mine you know because I opened
with a strong statement meaning illegal
immigration with the problem so all of
the one day with NASCAR
losses I don't have a deal with Nazca it
turned out that I lost now as they did
they went to the ballroom at trump the
route can you believe that was my losses
and by the way I kept their deposit and
read that it to somebody else
the ballroom go out the next day
ties with trumpets all over the world
yes I have friends call me from Paris
he's a great businessman all it's too
bad about what happened to inspect you
know it was a golf outing and one of my
courses are you believe this is my big
deal and it was all over the world
the press I don't know maybe they didn't
get it maybe they don't get it I was
very disappointed with macy's is not a
big deal but they heard the tickets in
front of the store and they called
pickets
tickets I said look into ours will be
gonna believe me the Gulf reliance they
won't come back but they said we sever
ties I said I don't care service I don't
wear ties were made in China it always
trouble
gutless people so the reason that we're
getting this receptivity which is like
this all over the place is because they
said they should have been assigned a
big document which is a one-page
document which basically you're giving
your life away and I saw a great summer
really I couldn't tell you the ones but
you know what he says I know which one
but they started coming but what happens
is that this is probably not as rich as
people actually one of the reasons I
want to recommend one of my life and
it's so true so I have like about a
hundred and two pages or 98 pages of
stuff and they have all these boxes over
50 million over 50 million and I and it
was a nominal better and people realize
it was a net worth in this is not
bragging and I'm gonna tell you why
over ten billion dollars that's good
right very little debt very little and
then come with psych I think it's over
four hundred million dollars a year is a
good my son is here look at her legend
lives on that
it says your online income and it's like
you know very different things but
basically over 400 million a year 365
anybody that would not want to make that
much money in one year
well with it comes responsibility but I
will tell you this reason people like
what i'm saying is because I want to put
that energy whatever the hell kind of
energy is I don't get screwed up it's
good if it's genius if it's whatever it
is I know how to do things I know and
I'm not gonna do I i won't care about
you know what a great building on
pennsylvania right opposite between as
you know the white house and the old
post office real estate business slogan
always get the post office post office
in washington D C and I got it from the
Obama administration now that's cool
deal making one of the most sought-after
buildings in the history of the general
services administration and I got it and
you know what they did the right thing
because we're doing a great job and we
had a great statement they want to make
sure it gets done and it'll be opening
and here's a little story it's now under
budget and ahead of schedule do you have
to hear that from from government and we
just finished around a lot of great job
and my son is here and it does anybody
ever heard of it
and I'm not gonna let him do any big
deals but you know what my whole energy
who cares doesn't mean anything
my whole energy my whole be is going to
be to make our country rich and to make
our country great again that's what my
home
and that's my primary it's a great up to
two nite always had an aptitude for
making money some people would say thats
nice one person said mr. Trump thats
regress the country rich in order to
make our country great I have to get
rich again we're dead early do you agree
with me so I
percent I couldn't care less if I
couldn't care less about any of our
stuff my kids are really good very nice
and I just wanna
countries so great and that's what's
going to happen and that's what's going
on
as an example
give me a couple examples in Alabama USA
steal the closure essentially a pleasure
and I said why what happened and I went
around and I said anybody work there no
I don't think so I hope not but big
closure and one of the reasons that
China is dumping so much steel into the
United States and other company other
countries also but China I love that
sign look at that
wow wow that's true the only probably
breaking everybody thank you so so eine
is dumping tremendous amount of steel
into our country the government to
subsidize it's almost like they want us
to just die and they have no respect for
us and again you know the largest bank
in the world is in one of my buildings
and they buy apartments and spent so
much money am I gonna just like them I
love them
the problem is that I say it all the
time their leaders are really small
they're really coming they're really
sure and we have done these right we
have damaged we have done these
people that don't have a clue I don't
know you know some people say they're
bad people I don't think they're bad
people I think they're incompetent
people a lot of people that I don't
think they've been I think they're
incompetent so you look at China and
what they've done and you know last week
and I said this and I've been saying for
a long time you've been hearing last
week they devalued the currents and
having a lot of hard times because of
what they do and when I hear devaluation
of the Chinese currency you know the
word the sucking action that's cool
that's something like a vacuum sucking
action to things happen two things get
sucked out of us our jobs and our money
not think of it
China product picture takes our place
and we owe them one point four trillion
dollars that's like a magic called the
magic deck in reverse
we owe them money in japan is back
have obvious the new prime ministers you
know I'll be really i mean he's
60 minutes and they doing this feature
and Caroline Kennedy and she's very nice
little while longer because he likes
anybody that my daughter likes right
anybody my daughter like we love you so
so what happens during a feature and
they should and with a very important
position because we negotiate you know
you need somebody
killer or killers dumped you need
somebody so they said how did you get
the impression she said well this is a
pretty close you can check it out well I
don't know I wanted a job and had
nothing to do so I went to the white
house and I said good job thing for me
to do and they should how would you like
to be ambassador to japan and she should
really this is and then they show the
rest of the show was her being wined and
dined by Avi and all of these killers
wined and dined she's being credited at
dinner
lunches and breakfasts to do anything
they want so I have the smartest
toughest mean is in many cases most
horrible human beings and their killers
negotiators some nice people very nice
people but I will put martyrs smarter we
have the best of the world we don't use
them we used political hacks diplomat we
as people that don't have any business
ability we have people use people that
have never done a job somebody saw my
blame them
up to the plate and you know like
there's an example Carl Icahn did anyone
ever hear he's an unbelievably brilliant
stuff I called them i didnt wear them
two nights ago I'm doing pretty well I'm
leaving every poll you can't believe I
said I get there I want you to oversee
the negotiations with China China and
Japan do it I'll do it remember when I
said somebody has blood coming out of
her eyes with a ride while he had blood
coming out of he will do it is
unbelievable unbelievable negotiator and
I know what I know the best I know the
worse I know the ones that are overrated
I know the ones that you've never heard
about or read about the better than all
of them but calls one of the great
cities very famous a very rich and he
would love to do it gives him that he
knows what's happening
ripping us so they send their self over
here and actually somebody the other day
said china has done to the United States
is the greatest single theft in the
history of the world said we've rebuilt
china we've rebuilt China so you know we
have free trade the problem with free
trade is when you have free trade very
important you need competently that's
the one problem with free trade I like
free trade I'm a free-trader negotiators
a great leaders we don't have that so
we're getting killed by everybody I use
these three countries we don't make good
use everybody is killing so we
will have believable as the manufacturer
drive to do business with China and what
he's going he's a good man great product
better than what they do they don't want
him sending the stuff you know it's
impossible to do business I can get my
brother finally get a product in there
and they charge a massive tax which they
call a terror because it sounds a little
more sophisticated because it's
impossible to do business which bowling
does this is which and they want all of
their Intel they want their copyrights
every other ones were not bind lines and
then I'll building big factories in
China don't blame China I respect them
and our leaders to be so stupid and
Mexico is the same thing you know mexico
the other day
nabisco nabisco I love you realize I'm
never eating again
disco closes a plant they just announced
a couple of days ago in Chicago in the
plant to mexico y
have you heard my story my favorite
stories you've heard the story with 42
we wanted to get alright I mean that's a
big 10 Ford great company building a 2.5
billion dollar car factory in places all
over the United States shipbuilding this
massive factory in mexico so I wanted
his grade school I was actually you know
I went to this great place the Wharton
School of Finance hardest gonna get it
even then it was hard to get into the
artist but I went to this great business
school and I get business and I fully
understand so they're building a tornado
in Joplin closer Brad is certainly going
to rebuild atlantic reserve guard
yourself as a result is that there's no
tax is no not so much loving plants here
that building this massive plant in
Mexico another plant also another big
foreign car company there was a plant
being built it was all set to get
started they're going to announce it in
Tennessee you read about a couple of
months ago
Wall Street Journal all set to get
started all of a sudden Mexico took it
away and now it's not going to be built
in terms of its gonna be built in Mexico
so sort is there a plan and here's what
I did I said to myself I give myself the
right position and I say let's assume
that somebody else becomes president
will not be horrible so let's assume
somebody else becomes president let's
assume a very low energy purchase very
very low energy so low energy that every
time you watch him you fall asleep
so let's say jim baker's dozen
not
not
first thing that happens in schools go
to help people flow over the world but
forgetting about that so let's say the
jet doesn't want this plant built so
they get a call him to head for
president
the next day or the next hour he's gonna
get a call from the lobbyists and the
special interests as donors we gave you
$1,000,000 idea one hundred and twenty
million dollars we want that thing don't
you can't do that our people
ok it's gotta get done the plant will
get built now let's take something
better
question who would you rather have
negotiating with China Japan Mexico
water
this report that came out last week's
hours leading in the polls and everybody
says why don't I have a pollster but
they'll go out every day I wake up you
know they pay these guys like $100,000 a
month and they can't function because
unless they're going have invented with
a pollster they can talk and I say why
they are you the polls show when every
day there's a new poll in like 30 pages
I don't have to get a pollster what
they'll do I needed save you money but
really very very expensive very well
done really well done because I was
leading by a lot of ways that they had
leadership I was way ahead of everyone
they had a very good people but the
thing and I do very well at it
military I am
and so powerful
power and so great that will never have
to use it nobody's gonna mess with us
mostly
so I look at the various things to do
with our country and by the way one of
them to take care of the ball but they
did a poll on like who is one of the
most popular with thats I was the most
popular person like me and I love them
five years these senators and these
other than jeff is congressman these
people in Washington including
presidents have done things it's gonna
take care of our
so they do this poem and in the poll I
was a nice person they said was the
nicest I was like I'm a nice person who
cares
woman came up to me she said I'm not
sure that your nice enough to be
president but this is not going to be an
election based on a nice person it's
going to be based on a competent person
I want on the economy I want on jobs I
want leadership by massive numbers like
I wanted all these categories
why do we need election we don't need an
election these are such important out of
doors but I as an amazing experience
because the time I announced almost the
first week I was a rough week but the
press by the way
largely very dishonest I have to say
this the political media I actually
think that the political media is less
popular than Congress can you believe it
and congress is almost congress has
almost no rating and and in all fairness
because with all those cameras they're
all live in the trying to shut off the
camera right now but you know what
they're all alive and so many life
campers but look at thank you
this very dishonest but there is a
certain group that are fantastic people
and every once in a while I get an
honest story and I love it I cherish
those stories are not often but they
care so that we we have you have to
understand and they have they're really
pretty much don't forget when I first
read I said you know it's amazing
went to a great school family we believe
in the gene thing you know I do like
they used to say secretary of course is
actually secretary wasn't one of the
best of you but interior that but then I
went out and made a tremendous couple to
tremendous fortune and big company I did
the art of the deal and many books are
best-sellers part of the deal was one of
the biggest-selling maybe the biggest
selling business books of all time I did
the apprentice we love the apprentice
remember BC hates me because they
renewed the apprentice and I said excuse
me I'm not doing it I'm running for
president gonna make the country great
again they are toy
actually came up to my office the top
people great people from NBC and they
said please please run run and i said im
not running I'm most of the advertising
said I'm gonna run and I'm going to make
our country great you are so so I look
at the landscape I look at where we're
going look at where we've been we've had
a horrible number of years
number of years we can realize i watch
the general the other day on television
was just retiring which is of course I
do you think will go against Isis I
don't know it's going to be very tough
can you believe this
General George Patton General Douglas
MacArthur are spinning in their graves
as you listen to spinning in their
graves jobs are hard and I look at
what's going on with the landscape and
then I get to meet all of the people
that I met over the last period of time
and i want to tell you it's been it's
been amazing it's been really and I want
to finish up with a couple of little
points one of them is all I love is
so when I get the call I say no no no
built in the United States gonna say no
we don't want to do I say let me tell
you sir you gonna build in the United
States and I will be called by people
but I will not have any of them money so
I don't care and then to say and I'll
call them and I'll say listen here's the
story building
billion dollars in mexico charge you a
tremendous little 35% tax person and
that is going to be for every car in a
report and every drop it comes into the
united states and here's what's going to
happen what's going to happen is she was
sitting there going to come back to me
the following day I would say the
following afternoon let's say 12 I say
by the time the day I don't like
underneath this one is too easy and
they're gonna come back and they gonna
say mister president gonna get caught by
the lobbyists are going to get this done
who say no interest within 24 hours they
will say mister president what you doing
to us this terrible we will build the
United States we will build the plant
it doesn't help us it doesn't help us
when you look at what's going on when
you look at what's going on we're in the
business closing in so many places are
closing when you look at the kind of
money that these countries are making
and i'm naming a few I mean so many
countries we don't have anything well
we're running on fumes we're running on
you know there's nothing here when you
look at what happens this so much
sharper this so much smarter and we're
not we need to have our borders we need
to make great deals you know the man in
the back just how would you like to be
israel right now they rely on us
sanity they're great people and we have
a deal that is so incompetent so bad
think of the deal we make a deal
our chief negotiator goes into a bicycle
race at 73 years old he breaks his leg
that was the good part of our deal that
was the only thing that happened and I
told people last week told us last week
I swear to you I will never ever ride a
bicycle at least in a race but we have a
new thing that just came up yesterday of
the deal we know all about the 24 day
period right but the 24 day parent
doesn't start that Clark doesn't start
ticking for a long time for a long time
so that could be forever so they're
doing something believe me by the time
we get there first of all why aren't
they giving us back up business and
second can you believe this can you
believe it I'm second double the other
day it was determined that
very important section maybe the most
important right is going to do their own
policing
they are going to tell us we swear we're
not building anything it's it's sad it's
so sad
Obamacare
we are going to repeal and replace it
we we are going to come up with a plan
and there are so many different ways you
know you don't know this because you
don't think about it this way you know
the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare
on the insurance company remember I told
you special interests and lobbyists the
insurance companies love it we can have
such great plan it would get rid of the
artificial lines around everything I
have a huge huge company I want to go
should I like that one group they don't
negotiate some of the people that own
businesses know what I'm talking about
the insurance companies are so protected
they're making a fortune
gonna make it so competitive we're gonna
get rid of the artificial barriers and
Obamacare I mean you look at what's
happening with your premiums i mean look
at this look at what's happening just
take a look at what's happening to the
deductibles highest possible it's
impossible
health care we're gonna fix women's
health issues we're gonna fix you know
my wife came up to me the other day and
she said it's really sad because people
don't understand how you cherish woman I
want I will protect women so important
and I heard some of the other candidates
Japanese some of the others the other
day saying we're not gonna fun various
women's health issues can you believe
this I said that's the end of his
election I don't think like that do much
to agree on women's health issues
a few hours later he came back and he
said he misspoke ok but women's health
issues so important where they'll end up
taking our country we are going to make
it so strong so powerful so loved by
people again so you know the problems
that we have and you don't see it
tonight but you see it is a tremendous
lack of sleep and I actually thought
that President Obama the one thing he
was an experience he never produced the
job lots of other things but I actually
thought that he would be a great really
great cheerleader for the country when
he was elected I thought that was really
turned out to be a great divider as
opposed to a great game
and you look at Baltimore you look at
Ferguson you look at st. Louis last
night over the last week you look at all
the things that are happening we're
sitting on our couch there's no say
there's no jobs anything we are going to
take this country I am going to be the
greatest jobs president that God ever
created
I will you are you know I oftentimes say
the American dream is dead but I'm gonna
make it bigger and stronger and more
powerful than ever before and that's
what's going to happen I am going to
make this country bigger and stronger
and better and you get a lot of your
president and whether it turn this
around so proud
whole thing is make America great again
we are going to make america better than
it's ever been and we're gonna love
doing it and we're gonna have fun doing
it and I just want to thank everybody
does this has been really really