you very much everybody this is
beautiful we just kept driving and
driving and driving we're pretty far up
and I said that's a great group of
people this is what it's all about these
are the people that build their country
how large a debate last night is good
right it was good we had a lot of fun we
gave very high grades and that even
people that hate me gave me good marks
is that amazing some of those pundits
they hate me so much and it was so hard
one of them said he won the debate i
cant stand and I can't stand it they
were they were almost crying you know
one of the things that was interesting
and he came across even more so on
television last night was the room was
loaded up I think they had like a
thousand seats which is in a very big
room that's far less than the people we
have tonight
today but they had a thousand and there
was supposed to have the young people
from the college and what happens is all
the rich donors and special interests
and the lobbyists got all the tickets
right
and I know so many among look at in the
fashion these people there
lot of money tremendous money by the way
in that room last night but I'm look at
these people those angry faces and they
look at me how could you do this to us
so I and you so when I complained I said
all these people they giving bush's just
wasting money he's just wasting and he's
taking it why don't you just throw it
out the window you should what they
should do is give it to the vets that
would be really nice but I got like
bush's got a hundred and twenty eight
million dollars have never seen it is at
the bottom of the pack and just it's
just a total it so what situation well
actually it's a waste because all of
those hands that he's got make a lot of
money you know they make a lot of money
so what do you what you do is look at is
a Roman I see special-interest guys I
see people that represent the insurance
companies the oil companies the drug
companies that's why we pay so much you
know the drugs you know what's happening
with the drugs health of medicare and
other things with the largest purchaser
in the world
prescription drugs and other drugs to
make people better and with the largest
and yet we buy for practically the same
price if you go to the local drugstore
and take something off the counter you
know people say you think you could find
any waste in the country how about like
you won't believe what we're gonna buy
this is just one thing out of many so if
you go to the drug store and pick up a
set that much difference in price
because we're not allowed for some
reason I don't know what the reason is I
dunno what the reason is but I don't
know how they can sell it we're not
allowed to negotiate drug prices can you
believe it so we buy drugs biggest in
the world and we have about three
hundred billion dollars more though as
opposed to it we negotiated the price so
there's three hundred billion on day one
we saw that his a difference in the room
last night you had representatives of
drug companies they are giving money to
numerous of these people like the head
of Johnson and Johnson is jeb Bush's top
fund-raiser
well I mean tell me so let me ask you do
you think jeb Bush's going to make drug
prices competitive when he's a good guy
is what he Johnson he's a friend of mine
is a great guy but what did Johnson is
the head of jeb Bush's fundraising so
let's say jet one which is an
impossibility but let's say but this
applies to everybody else let's say jet
11 Johnson of Johnson and Johnson is the
head of his palace it possible for jet
in all fairness suggests to say what it
was gonna go out and fight competitively
billions and billions of dollars that
they won't collect data collecting right
now and profits and that's the way out
countries working folks so what happened
is I made the announcement last night
that in the room you know what happened
a lot of the kids there was like seven
or eight hundred passes for kids and I
blame the orange this I mean I think
it's terrible what happened last night I
wanted tickets they said you have twenty
tickets 20 tickets I'm the one that
brought all the action right am I the
one I mean if these other guys came up
it today that before people in the front
row the owner of the building wasn't
even meant for this he said this is the
biggest crowd we've ever had so what
happens is we thought it was a protest
it's a friend I love protesters gives
the cameras follow they won't follow and
accepted so it's not possible that you
know you look at it and you you see the
kind of money you talking about but so I
myself am putting up my own money that's
a nice
I'm way under budget you know right now
i'm forty million eight closer than
maybe fifty but I'm forty million
dollars under budget that nice thank you
I'm forty million dollars under budget
and I'm number one in the polls are
right
a guy like jeff has spent a hundred and
ten million dollars and he's down in the
Boone down here can you imagine that
it's just what the country we gotta get
the guy I give the example of education
in the world in the world were ranked
number thirty but we're number one and
cost per pupil by lot number two is like
so far down they don't even consider a
number too so we we are by far the most
expensive and yet we have what number
thirty we have third-world countries
that do better than as now you have
Sweden and Norway and Denmark and China
in the top 40 50 right but will number
thirty and yet we spend more now
wouldn't it be nice if you could take a
look at what I'm doing here if we could
spend less and be one or two or five or
something you know now one of the
reasons we do so badly as common core
common core's a disaster coming quarters
a complete disaster so we get rid of
that and we start educating your
children in new hampshire well locally i
mean the people they hate coming quarter
but then I hated because they're bad
people are haters and i'd haters they're
headed for a different reason it's no
good
who wants to have a bureaucrat in
washington taking care and educating
your kids we don't want to do you want
to have local education and I'd say that
I watch it is beautiful the parents and
they have two children and they have
their boys and it's so beautiful and
then by the way their children graduated
they say on the boards because they love
to school because their children went
there that's what you have to have it so
important so we want to be at a point
where we can spend less money and have a
far stronger country and a better
country I look at military expenditures
you know I'm going to build the military
bigger
better stronger and I guarantee we can
do it unless you know I hear stories
like you know they're ordering missiles
that they don't want because of politics
because of special interests because the
company that makes the missiles as a
contributor and the other company that
makes the missiles that are good isn't
so we're ordering missiles that the
generals don't want because of politics
so is the beauty they come to me and
they say we would like you to use such
and such a company he helped your
friends I don't give up my friends I
have no friends as far as I'm concerned
you know you know who my friends are you
my friends so I think self-funding as a
big deal I'm the only one that
self-funding Democrat Republican
everyone else is taking money from the
bloodsuckers you know when these guys
are really good when they give our
candidates when they give ted five
million dollars when they give Marco
Demark
did Ted do well as how did you like my
answer when they talked about
waterboarding did people like that
there's some people thought it was you
know controversy ok so we have
waterboarding some people considered
less than 20 chip much less than
tortured and I said and they gave the
engine 10 and Ted didn't like you know
he wanted to stay away from it I didn't
he said he didn't like the concept of
the water but it wasn't that he went to
stay away from it and my answer was this
we are living in medieval times there's
never been a time like this what I used
to read medieval times they jump you
head off and I haven't heard that you
know even in the Wild West you get shot
right to shoot you but they don't jump
ahead off so now they chop you have
James Foley you look at what's going on
and I said to myself what avoiding what
it what is peanuts compared to what
they're doing and they said about
waterboarding the question has died and
I said look as far as I'm concerned what
aborting immediately is ok and we can
get much worse than waterboarding that's
okay too and everybody was shocked and
they all like in in life and in business
you have to know that's right
politically correct we don't want to be
politically correct says the man with
the Red Hat saying make America great
again right
but so important and and it wasn't just
a question was coming up but I gave an
answer that wasn't may be politically
politically correct we don't have the
time we don't have the strength we don't
have anything to be its ok you want to
be you want to be good you want to be
good people but they are doing such a
horrible thing you know when they're
willing to fly airplanes into the World
Trade Center fly airplanes into the
Pentagon had an airplane into the white
house where we had some very brave souls
on that plane that ditched it before it
got there right in Pennsylvania right
those people are great but when they
have this kind of hatred in this kind of
evil water body and I guarantee you this
sitting back there saying can you
imagine these stupid people talking
about waterboarding like it's the worst
thing and they're chopping off heads so
when they gave me the question and the
best response I got last night from all
of these donors that you have to
understand they weren't might donors
they would donors did these other guys
and you could see pockets they went out
cause they're rich and they bought the
tickets from the kids that were given
the tickets to kids made a fortune last
night the kids with scalping tickets
last night and the people out there and
I was told no no we gave them to the
children of the college unless the child
is 54 years old and lives on Park Avenue
cell I looked at that audience I said
this is really tough because I have an
audience where I am their worst
nightmare because I'm not taking their
money I'm richer than they are
I don't need the money and that's what
we need that's what we need so it was a
very interesting people found that
interesting last I heard about it I said
thank you very much
and we have fun they are paying for the
first of all they are why wouldn't they
they make a fortune off the United
States they have not helped us at all
with illegal immigration we have
tremendous problems with illegal
immigration New Hampshire you know I
have so many friends in the lab and you
know before the political thing that we
started 7 months ago I've been up here
many times great place great people up
here and that's why that's why I'm
asking via vote you guys better but I
don't need your money you notice I said
I don't need your money I need your vote
right keep your money your money you
know most guys are saying well you can
give you will take anything you have
given us an undershirt dunno I don't
want anything I want one thing on
Tuesday you have to get out and vote
ok because we have a movement going on
that is unbelievable
what's going on is on the cover of Time
magazine last week and they talked about
this movement it's believable what's
happening and no matter where we go we
get these grads and we're gonna do great
in South Carolina waiting to grade in
Novato had degraded the SEC which of the
next the next events but we have
something going on and and it's a simple
Oakland it is make America great again
we're going to make America great again
and we maybe have a chance of making
america greater than it's ever been
before going to bring our jobs back you
know you got stripped in new hampshire
you get absolutely strip but one of the
things I hear about new hampshire so
much and it's shocking hurdle for a long
time now but but shocking because you
drive through the beautiful wooded areas
it's a beautiful place it's of one of
the most beautiful places you'll ever
see
and it's a tremendous sure there's a
love story and is a great spirit in new
hampshire there's a great spirit but one
of the problems and it just doesn't seem
to go and that's why it's so surprising
to me and maybe it makes more of an
impression that heroin problem the the
drug problem and all of the stuff that's
pouring in
is is incredible I mean the drugs coming
into new hampshire is just incredible
and when I'm with when I'm with people
when I you know when I i come out and
I'm with groups of people talk about
like let's talk about the military which
they do talk about and they talk about
the best we have al
the owner was such a nice guys on him I
said I'd like it if the might just work
you know why I could say well that's all
we can go folks and be nice to know
we're not going to pay the rent right
we're not going to give them to you know
the country would pay the rent of Adam I
can work if the mic doesn't work for me
I say sorry I'm not paying anything
right now anyway but we have a long we
have so many of the people from the feds
but the thing that I hear more than
anything else in terms of new
hampshire's problems is the drug problem
and you just don't associated with sure
but they have a tremendous problem it's
pouring across from largely from the
southern border and we're gonna put that
one up and you're not going to have that
problem we gotta take the people that
are addicted and badly badly badly
addicted and will work to get them
better and then you know it's
interesting it's interesting with a drug
and alcohol and other addictions but if
you don't start it's really easy to sell
ok it's like drunken if you never smoked
a cigarette you don't have a problem if
you never start taking the drugs you
have a problem and when we make it so
hard for them to get into the country
beyond even new hampshire because
whether to have that wall that was gonna
be so big and so strong and so powerful
and we're gonna have a border guards
Wigan have a border guard you know a
couple of these politicians and I'm
dealing with it politicians they said to
me about two months ago they said you
can't really build a wall donald can you
build buildings in the ninety four
stories tall walls you know I mean give
me a break and and and it'll be a nice
long beautiful it'll be a big wall a
beautiful well they will get a name that
Trump someday maybe right so we have to
make you know I don't want to but but it
will be a powerful wall and I always
talk about their right now they have
these walls let it build ramps I never
understood they build ramps going over
these little walls
you know we have also already little
balls on the little baby walls and they
build ramps and they have these trucks
driving trucks driving right over the
Rams over the wall and down loaded up
with drugs they drop the drugs off all
over the country then they come back
over the rap I said what are they just
knocked down it's a little while I never
understood why did they buy the new why
do they do the ramp I guess maybe they
want to be nice to us that I wanna do
any destruction right so we end up
getting the drugs and they end up
getting the money not gonna happen that
way they more folks like it happened
that way so when I say I'm gonna build a
wall these politicians come up to me and
they're well-meaning but that
politicians they don't know anything
that I mean honestly they know one thing
how to get reelected that's what they
know they're good at that and the way
they get re-elected as all those guys in
the audience last night take care of him
and the drug company guys make sure that
you never negotiate the price of drugs
and the oil guys make sure that all good
things happen with respect to oil right
and all of these existing cause I was on
the other side of the system for a long
time and a very big don't know and I
understand it but when you have the
insurance companies you look at
insurance health insurance
the reason we have the lines you
artificial lines around each state is
because the health insurance companies
to come the insurance companies want to
have it that way because they'd rather
have monopolies in each state that have
hundreds of companies going all over the
place bidding so that we can get up
prices way way way down because
Obamacare is a disaster that is
expensive and it's no good and it
doesn't work so the insurance companies
say they were in the room I saw him last
night I know these people the insurance
companies say I want to take new york
you take you take some other place you
take iowa you take some of the place I
want california personally california's
very good but they have lines around the
state's ok and new hampshire as the same
thing and for those of you that don't
business is very hard to get many
competitive bids so what the insurance
companies as they say I'd rather have
new hampshire and not have a lot of
bidding then have the right to build all
over the united states right one problem
you can make the deal so hard for me to
make deals I have thousands of employees
so hard for me to make deals on health
care because they can't get bids
all right now once we get rid of the
lines it'll be easy why can't we get rid
of the lines because the insurance
companies give tremendous political
contributions to the guys that I want to
stage with so whether it's insurance
companies that the drug companies in the
oil companies sold the same thing we're
never gonna get our country back if we
keep doing this we never get to get it
back I tell the story and to me it's a
great I could use any one of a hundred
different places probably much more than
that but we're Ford moves you know
they're building the big plant and the
building in Mexico and their clothes in
a lot of plants are building a two and a
half billion dollar automobile plant
trucks automobiles and parts two and a
half billion in
Mexico and I say how is that good how is
that good for us
new hampshire knows better than any
other business to mexico ok I see these
places now that our summer empty and
summer converted the senior citizens
summit converted to apartments but in
the meantime you need jobs you don't
necessarily need the apartments you need
jobs and you take in the jobs out there
giving him to other countries and we can
end that we're not going to let it
continue to happen we're not gonna have
any jobs you look at manufacturing right
now look at caterpillar tractors a great
great company but if you look at what
japan is doing with their currency the
yen did dropping the hell out of there
devaluing their currency to such a point
that Komatsu is not get the hell outta
caterpillar we have to say you gonna do
that we don't want your car's ok they
won't believe it except the messages you
gotta have the right message now you
gotta have the right message you know
see the problem is we have people that
don't know the first thing about
negotiation really business but common
sense but it's ago she Asian these
people are rank amateurs they are I
don't want to say I wish I get in
trouble see those be able see all those
cameras back there they've never driven
so far to get to a location but you see
all those cameras back there but it's
really true we have tremendous power
because China is sucking ass try and
without US china we've rebuilt China
they've taken our jobs are based
thousands and millions of jobs by the
way not douses millions and millions of
jobs
thousand
and thousands of factories have closed
cuz its China and it doesn't do us any
good and by the way they sell their
product they put it in no tax no nothing
you try putting your product into China
you can do it
ok it's really hard now Boeing tried it
and they made Boeing build a whole new
big airplane complex and they kept all
of its intellectual property they wanted
to stay wanted that and all of a sudden
boeing's gonna have this massive place
in China and then I have to build a
place here anymore so how does it help
us it's gonna be a whole different ball
game so we have a lot of power over
these over these countries now when
Japan takes there yet have a very strong
leader very smart later one of the best
leaders in a long time when Japan I get
along with them great
you like me I like him but I just name
is Abby we're not gonna be able to be
able to rip us off anymore it's ok don't
worry about respect us more I have the
biggest bank in the world is attended to
one of my building since from China I
sell millions in the tens of millions of
dollars of apartments condominiums in
Manhattan to Chinese people I love China
I don't look there's nothing wrong I
like China I like Japan ok now what does
that say I know that's okay that's not a
protest that's a friend that's a friend
had a very bad boy so for a friend right
that's a very very hostile voice for a
friend anyway so what we have to do what
we have to do
get them at the amazing thing you know
people they lost the last people get a
match security Liz
you know it's it's an amazing thing
we're talking about japan everybody
ripping so we're talking about health
care military events but it's all good I
mean there's nothing bad I always say if
I could take a person like that sitting
in a room for 10 minutes a doctor them i
get some unless they got I don't want to
say okay who's who said that raised yeah
that's my man so anyway so we have the
greatest business leaders in the world
waited to take those trade deals we're
gonna rip up and was gonna read to them
and they gonna be great what to do and
we have all the power you know see Obama
doesn't think we have any power we r
Japan right now one point six trillion
dollars we owe China 1.7 trillion
dollars it's amazing they come in they
take our jobs they take our money and we
owe them money it's like magic act in
reverse
no good for us good for them they take a
job they take on Monday they ruin our
base we are gonna happen and we have
carl icahn one of the great business
been very rich guy billionaire many
times over we have a lot of the great
businessmen they are then I supporting
me because I don't want their money but
they are endorsing me and they want to
take these guys these are killers is a
people that you meet some of them you
would like some very nice not a lot of
him who cares who cares
summer vicious violent horrible human
beings do we can right now we have nice
people right now we have political hacks
negotiating with China I mean I deal
with China they're unbelievable they
come in in 20 people will come into big
one do you know like 20 2012 make sure
nobody's making a mistake and their
stuff and they don't walk in and say oh
isn't a beautiful day so lovely how's
everything going let's have dinner they
come in we will make deal ok there's no
games folks we play game
ames is no games their business I like
it there about business and we have and
we have we have political hacks we have
people that don't know the first thing
you gonna do we gonna get our final
which we should have been doing for
years we're gonna get the finance
business people in the world are best
negotiators are smartest people they
don't want anything they don't want it
and we gotta make great jail cell with
china we had a trade deficit of
$500,000,000 and that's what we have
between three and five hundred billion
dollars a year
Beltran of a deal is that and you want
to do business with them again with
japan is a massive deficit also swollen
but a massive deficit look at the power
we're look at the power we have to
negotiate if we haven't told them look
we're not gonna be able to take you cars
but meant to but we have to mean it you
know some of our guys I remember many
years ago he said that the Japan and
they were just about ready to make the
right deal and our guys cracked and you
know why they cracked because the
lobbyists and special interests got them
to crack so we never took it to the end
because they send us I was in Los
Angeles I saw the biggest ships I've
ever seen they loaded up with cuz they
come pouring like the expressway forty
miles an hour off these big boats and
then the boats go back to get more data
we get we send them like beef and they
don't want to be afraid they send it
back and by the time we send it the
fourth time they take it and then they
call it Kobe beef and there's a lot more
money because it's aged it's really age
we should get a discount then the judge
much more so we we can and we have fun
but you know I gotta have fun if we can
smile at ourselves and have weakened
smile at house stupidly were being run
then we're just gonna make ourselves
that feels so good so we have to smell
but we're not smiling you know they
recently nikki Haley she made a speech
and it's fine that you talked about
anger and she's
said essentially the donald Trump is
angry and this was her response to the
president's page and she said
essentially donald Trump is not known
and she's been very nice and i've
supported a little bit and and but she
said it not nice and I was actually the
previous debate the one that I didn't
raise the six million dollar so that's
where I was very happy with the one I
didn't go to I actually that was my best
performance I raised six million dollars
or not the last one that I didn't do i
think is my best performance because I
got the vet $6,000,000 nobody even knows
about it but we got the vets the Mets
know about it and al knows about it I so
where is el where the hell is out
there's wears out how do I get up here
this guy is so great he devotes his life
to the vents and he's been so supportive
of him I got a recognizable come on we
love them know we love them
I had the opportunity to meet you early
about why a 22 year Murray in a ten-year
legislature and one who said no Sun no
war then went to war supplies donald
Trump 50% he goes to my event she goes
to other people's events and he wants to
find out where it's all coming from and
he knows who's gonna take care of the
vets and it's not going to be the
politicians they talk you know they're
all talk and no action so now we're
gonna build the military the same way
we're talking about with trade within a
building military we gonna build it up
but we gonna negotiate prices and when
is the right companies and we're going
to get the right stuff we had the
greatest ever created and it's not going
to be political anymore
the money they're spending on things
they don't even one is ridiculous and
then they're sending it over debt allies
that don't wanna fight and that bullet
shot you know I always talk about 2,300
humvees armor-plated the best in the
world now I love the wounded warriors if
they had these they wouldn't be walking
around or not walking around they
wouldn't be in the condition they're in
they are they're the most amazing people
of all would you say you know they have
been I see these people and their their
legs are gone or their arms are gone or
worse and they they have a better
attitude then we have their unbelievable
people but we send over 2,300 the best
armor-plated humvees in the world and a
bullet shot and we give them to our
allies our allies we don't even know who
the hell are allies are we don't even
know who they are we giving them to
people that are fighting governments
with better of letting the damn
government say that cuz these ppl worse
than the government's spending billions
and billions so we give them humvees
they have no spirit to fight a shots
fired in the air
they've run out of the hundreds dead
gone and the enemy takes over 2,300
what the hell are we doing ok what are
we doing so if you remember I said take
the oil right I was the first and you
know it's funny I said take the oil for
four years I've been saying take the L
now they take that take it though the
bombing at the bombing and extremely
gentle II because they're afraid that
it's going to Cory's an environmental
hazard in there can you believe no can
you believe this
General George Patton ever said we can't
bomb the oil because it may have an
impact on the carbon footprint you think
George Patton he would have slapped the
hell of that environment let you know
that that environmental is little walked
up to him general you cannot bomb
because residue will go into the
atmosphere and it will affect their
carbon footprint you know George Patton
one-and-done he would have slapped the
hell out of that gas that would have
been the end of that environmentalist
by the way I've received so many
environmental awards and I'm not gonna
knock we need to clean air we need clean
water we need beautiful beautiful clean
water we need clean air and I get a
check with the press not funny
the president talks about the carbon
footprint then he goes to Hawaii and the
seven forty-seven air force one that's
very old with the old engines at spears
carbon and everything else into the air
and he goes to Hawaii stays there I
guess almost three weeks and then he
comes back on this massive plane with
massive engines and the very old and
they're not environmentally friendly to
put it mildly
and then he gets back into drugs about
the carbon footprint give me a break
stays there for three weeks a lot of
golf he plays one doubts that the guys
on the PGA Tour player so where did it
let it build up I'm not sure but we're
gonna build it up with supervision where
we get better than we're getting down
for no more money we can build it I
don't even like to say less money but we
can build up our military and will build
it bigger better stronger than ever
before and we won't spend anymore money
it's just like the drug situation white
told you when we can negotiate the price
you probably have
that same stuff in the military people
don't want to talk about it cause I want
to keep it that way am I gonna make
enemies with some of my old friends my
old friends some of those guys I said
there i I looked and then you wonder why
they booed me when I had tacked poor
poor poor Jeb Bush who brings out his
mother because he needed help he needed
help mommy please come walk into snow
mom and I like his mother but I don't
like that stuff we gotta do it on our
own ok gotta do it so we're gonna do
that with a military and within a week
to make this country so strong and will
make those borders so strong and I'm
telling you I was gonna tell you about
the Ford plant so here's what happens so
Ford opens as planned I wouldn't let it
happen I wouldn't let it happen but
let's say hillary can you believe it
now I will say this I don't agree with
Bernice and his own much although I
agree with them and do things trade on
trade he said were being ripped off he
just doesn't know how much I know how
much bigger than even the difference is
I could fix the trade and I'm going to
make a lot of money with dread she can't
do anything about he just doesn't being
ripped off
she's got half of it but he doesn't have
that there but he's right with hillary
because she's she's receiving a fortune
from a lot of people there's no way
she's going to tell afford to do
anything because I know people that she
can't do it she can't do it if you
wanted to do so here's what happens so I
say I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let that
happen
was not moving a lot of power and we
want to use it and if Hillary says it
well I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna let
it happen and then the following hours
you get a call from one of our donors
are one of the lobbyists representing
for that gave millions of dollars to
hillary was one of the special interests
or one of the shareholders that they
know you have to let it a hundred
percent now here's a difference they
call me and they're saying mister
president is a wonderful day explained
to me I was good
closing up in Michigan and other places
plans to build in mexico please explain
how it's good and they'll say well
that's good but we do want to build
their shit that's ok you can build it
but we are going to charge you a 35
percent tax for every car every truck
every part that you bring a closeup what
we have to do it we have to do it
and here's what's gonna happen standing
there and I'm sorry we couldn't get you
seats but they're just too many people
don't worry about it but there they'll
say that this is a hundred percent like
maybe 82% there's a hundred percent
they'll say mr. president we have to
build the plant we want to build the
plant we have commitments about the plan
I said that's ok you gonna be 30 but
they are going to sit back the following
day and they're gonna say could we
persuade you say no then I'm gonna be
called by people that I know I'm going
to say no nobody gives me money I guess
I know and then I'm gonna say do it or
are they gonna say the father they got a
call me back within 48 hours and they're
going to say mister president we've
decided to build the plant and the
United States has happened as a hundred
percent 100% nabisco in chicago has a
massive plant no more Oreos they're
moving the plant to mexico no more areas
it's good thing we did all we could lose
away no more areas but nabisco has a big
plant in chicago they are moving the
plant to mexico Tennessee had a big deal
for a mess of automobile company was
going to build a big plant in tennessee
was all set the deal is almost said it
was going to be announced just before it
got announced they decided they were
going to move into mexico so you tell me
why we should allow this to happen and
while we should allow these cars and
these trucks and these parts to pour
into our country and no tax
ok now I'm a free trader but you can
only be a free-trader when something is
fair I want fairness same thing with
China China China said everything in
here you know we're still have still the
leaders of stupid people running things
China's sense
and billions and billions of product and
our country not tax notice you try
sending something into China you can't
do it folks they call it a tariff I have
a friend is a very rich guy
their rent one more time there's no red
one more time george if you pay their
rent one more time with this can you
fired George so I have a friend is a
rich expensive item but he bought an
airplane from the man in China who
bought the aeroplane over here and he
can't get it back to china because the
taxes so massive almost as much as the
price of the airplane that he was better
off selling the plane so he sold the
plane to my friend at a huge discount
because he didn't want to pay the
tremendous tariffs for a tax to get the
plane back into China people don't know
those stories people don't know those ok
and their stories are all over the place
all over the place a year ago have you
been following what I've been saying
almost I've been doing this deficit
evidence can you imagine have been a
politician for seven months so I can you
believe this june sixteenth coming down
the famous escalator a big decision
because it takes guts believe me to run
for president
tax cuts you need a lot of gods and that
we need a lot of energy and a lot of
everything you need a lot but it's going
great and we love it and we love it and
we love what we do with the in-game I
love doing it adds that I love this I
love the end game because we have
something that we cherish that we love
our country and we're gonna do such
great things whether you know we're
gonna do such great things but we're
coming down the escalator and if you
were here that I was I was talking about
in that general vicinity was talking
about what japan's doing and you see
what's happening with caterpillar and I
told you I have a friend who's a big
excavator by big equipment always buys
from Caterpillar and he bought from and
this was awhile now you see what's
happened to caterpillar stock but he
bought from camacho which is a big
excavate a big company that makes
tractors etcetera and Japan I said what
happened he said I love caterpillar but
I can't help it
have an obligation to my family my
company my employees I bought from
Komatsu why because they have so devalue
the yen that had no choice I had to do a
double and I said really and he felt
badly about it I said is the equipment
does good he said no but it's good it's
very good it's that bad but I had no
choice and I said the people you know if
you own caterpillar and some of these
companies with what these foreign
countries are doing with their
currencies especially China by the way
which is the case
jane king of the world of currency
manipulation the king of the world
they'll never allow our companies to
compete with their companies ever and
they do it based on currency
manipulation that's why the DPP the
trade agreement that they're trying just
sign is so bad china's not in the
agreement but the countries that are are
there's nothing really talking about
currency manipulation and that's the
principle tool that these countries are
using to kill us they killing us and
we're going to get it stopped and that
agreement is a horrible agreement and by
the way china is not in it now but it's
so beautifully set up there watching it
this study it they have it they are good
to go at some point into the back door
they'll be in it and they'll take over
that agreement and they'll make even
more money than the making right now so
I'm not upset with China I'm not upset
with mexico or Japan
an their leaders are just too smart for
the people running our country that
people running our country don't have a
clue they don't have a clue and I refuse
to say this stupid see the woman just
said they're still open I said I refuse
to say that I'm going to admonish you ok
you're admonished remember when the man
called out and said bad things about
Obama I was hit by the press or not
admonishing him so now what I'll do it
so that my ok that wasn't a very serious
admonishment was it like she's looking
down that don't feel when I throwing you
out if you're one of your one of our
fans right so we're not throwing you
stand right there but people that are
running our country and then you look at
the granddaddy of all which I thought
was the greatest but it's not the
greatest follows it so the UN deal where
we give them a hundred and fifty billion
dollars we get nothing for nothing not
even get i mean ultimately we got a
prison sentence made a hundred and fifty
billion has got to be the greatest
ransom in history of you think about it
right I just thought of this hundred and
fifty billion dollars to the floor guys
we get a hundred and fifty that should
have never happened we should have
gotten those persons back four years ago
i three years ago we have a person's
before we start the division they gonna
say no we're gonna say bye bye was gonna
leave the negotiation now enjoy yourself
and then you ratchet up all of the
things that we do right you ratchet the
hell out of it and you come back they'll
get a call within one day or two days if
they're tough and they are they're great
negotiators and they'll say we're gonna
give you that I go a step further I say
one of the reporters from CNN CNN Dana
commonly known as danna Wednesday
he said something I was very interested
to trade down a badge she's a great
great reporter great talent great on-air
talent but she said something she said
you know you've been saying about your
father my father said son take the lumps
yet cause he said sometimes I'm to
direct and I learned from my father
because he was a great teacher I learned
take the lumps out so now go back we
have a presence back right now I go in
to see our great negotiated is the
iranians the Persians persians a great
negotiations now in the old days I would
have said we're not giving you the
hundred and fifty billion dollars and
they'll get angry will get angry
everybody's angry and sometimes it takes
a long time to recover from that so
that's the old days but you get wise
special and have asked my father that
teaches you write so now I say
differently as a gentleman we have a
problem we r 19 trillion dollars
the republicans just approved a budget
that's going to add another two trillion
dollars it took them like less than a
day to get this thing done it's an
embarrassment that they improved it the
only one that benefits of the democrats
they got everything they wanted funding
the Syrian refugees coming in funding
other refugees coming in funding illegal
immigrants they got everything they
wanted right so now I see it differently
I say we don't have the money sorry I
want to give you the money so badly will
have anything ok that's nice and saying
we're not giving it is now so they get
angry but not nearly as angry because by
the time I finished with them they'll
feel sorry for us
okay they'll say no no no and they live
in a week later will call back it will
make it will save a hundred and fifty
billion ok I guarantee we'll save a
hundred and will end up with an
agreement this better than what we have
now we never walk from that you think of
it one of the things you have to do
every 10 mins walk how do you negotiated
deal with their dancing in the streets
all over and calling us stupid burning
the flag this is before the deal got
done this celebrating the deal saying
how stupid we are saying it's one of the
greatest films ever made their dancing
industry the population is even saying
what a great deal buses right and we
keep going into a moment if they said
and dancing in the streets before I made
a deal I'd say I'm good idea because it
was embarrassing night we never once
walked from the deal and I kept waiting
for Obama to walk from the deal meaning
his his person secretary Kerry wouldn't
it be great
hey how about if I represented the
United States in city carry you know how
good that deal with you now good that
deal ok you know how good that deal that
we got one of the great business people
to negotiate that deal it would be like
trumpet that's ok so here we have this
deal that's a horror show 24 hour 24 day
inspection period but that doesn't start
the clock doesn't take India to a whole
process all sorts of other problems like
self inspection how about self
inspection remember Joe the you know
obama calls him the supreme leader is at
the supreme leader said I'm not calling
them the supreme leader now my supreme
leader
the supreme leader said the following
the sudden going on here I tell you
something very strange but how about you
call up and you say this is a self
inspection area where they get on some
very secret area where they probably
that's why I magnin their deal so it
goes up position we hear you may be
making nuclear in this area and you have
to inspect suspected call us back
yes we'd love to next day no problem is
a president we are in doing so we just
checked with self inspected where do
these people come from where do our
people come from and as bad as it is
it's worse
ok so I've been saying is one of the
great deals I've never seen greatest
deal I've ever seen to get a hundred and
fifty billion dollars we got nothing
right ok but then I thought to myself
wow it's not that's peanuts what else
are they getting they're getting iraq
they've wanted a wreck for ever forever
but we have a rack and they have a Rand
and they were always the same militarily
and they fight and I told us all the
time they fight and fight and fight they
will tend to be here 10 feet here
somebody uses gas against explode they
stopped fighting for a couple years then
they go back and they fight the line
never moves right they say it
neutralized and I said in 2003 2004
don't do it I didn't know about weapons
of mass destruction which are not that
they didn't have but one thing good
about if you look if you take any any
look bill leadership anything in Iraq
they used to kill terrorists right
saddam hussein killed late today it's
harvard for terrorism you let me tell
you go to Iraq Saddam Hussein used to
get great pleasure at of killing
terrorists wouldn't have these problems
like that so he would kill to have a
mess so what is initially came up in my
mind a couple reasons I talked about the
rental cuz I cannot believe how big a
deal it is it's a great example of bad
deal make it right and then I said what
is the best deal is that they're
actually getting our act so iraq has the
second largest oil reserves in early so
I ran is now getting around to take it
up just like you hear that take you to
know now they're getting Yemen and they
don't like him but they do like the
border between saudi arabia mean I'm
good at this stuff you know I talked
about I talked about bin Laden in my
book that was written in 2000 before the
World Trade Center came down and Joe
Scarborough great guy
Morning Joe they call them anybody know
Morning Joe great guy he heard about it
he got the bookies
talked about Osama bin Laden two years
before the World Trade Center came to
because I saw this guy on television
that is a reporter I watched I read some
papers about them I say he's a bad guy
you better do something I wrote about a
month before being taken out he should
have been taken out how did you manage
to take him out and he didn't do it he
had a chance to get him and he didn't do
it
bush-era done it but he didn't do it and
they didn't do it and the World Trade
Center came tumbling down thousands of
lives thousands and thousands worst
attack in the history of the United
States Western Pearl Harbor because it
was a civilian attacked not a military
attack Western pro so we have to go and
we have to get smart you have a Rand now
they're rich they don't have to build
nuclear they can afford to buy it and
you notice with spending all the money
they just bought a hundred and eighteen
Airbus jets thats boeing's competitor
boeing is here
airbus is over in europe didn't buy from
Boeing they bought from Airbus so they
brought in europe they're buying
missiles from russia there by all sorts
of stuff from Italy and other countries
in by anything from us
hundred and fifty billion they've given
us nothing we get nothing we get nothing
and then on top of it after the deal is
made they attack our 10 wonderful
sailors and they put a gun to the head
they drop among their needs put your
hands up and they have some rough guy
with a rough voice essentially screaming
at him right you heard humiliation now
they'd still be there there be there
forever except they're smart they didn't
get the hundred and fifty billion until
two days after that and didn't want to
say oh gee when I can get this morning
so they let him go
vicious vicious humiliation for us not
gonna happen with us it's not going to
happen to us just remember that
so so we're gonna be jumping the border
with it a deal with China very nicely
but we have a lot of power and we have a
lot of money that goes to them we don't
have a lot of money because they suck it
out but a lot of money goes to them we
rebuilt China what happens is last night
a missile off in North Korea and nobody
knows what it is this sort of saying
it's a satellite ok so there's a lot of
threats being made by this guy we have
28,000 soldiers on the line
lot of threats lot of threats South
Korea makes a fortune every time i buy
televisions thousands of television's a
year every time I by MyBB I am from
South Korea will make televisions
anymore in this country
ok we should we don't make televisions
anymore we used to make zenith and this
will make him anymore RCA so now you
gotta buy them from the thousands their
economic behemoth they pay as peanuts
they pay his penis should pay they
should pay at least break even at least
something they should pay we protect
Germany we protect your paper we protect
places you don't even know about I would
become good at this stuff because I'm
looking at it and you know when they say
we have ten times the budget and anyone
else you know why we do because we
protect all these countries the nothing
we put tech shoddy Arabia think of it I
know we protect Saudi Arabia Saudi
Arabia before the UL game down now
they're making half Saudi Arabia before
they all came down was making one
billion dollars a day and we protect
them we get peanuts and we leased land
from military bases we pay rent
okay it's over it's over it's over it's
over
so fiercely I don't have teleprompters I
don't have a speech that I'm reading
ladies and gentlemen is so nice to be
with you
new hampshire please vote for me if you
don't vote for me I'll never speak to
you again
all I want is you I will straighten it
out it's so easy
there's so much that when you talk about
some of the people that own businesses
know really what I'm saying when you
talk about and this is this is easier I
mean the numbers are bigger but this is
easier cuz you tell businesses you know
you look for every penny he talking
about trillions of dollars potentially
but we gotta straighten it out and we
have as an example our agreement with
our trading with japan if japan is
attack we have to attack and go to war
and fight or rejection ok if we're
attacked the deals we have so we're
attacked Japan doesn't have to help us
if they're attacked we have world war
three this folks gotta make it fair and
equitable ok all right
cell so I just because it's still
Hampshire and because you have that
tremendous problem with drugs will get a
stabbing you can have the drugs coming
into destroying your children can have
it anymore you're not going to have your
kids are gonna look all over the place
and then I can be able to find them to
be when mommy and daddy go to Florida
and they want to get drugs they're not
gonna find not gonna be all over the
streets and so cheap part of the problem
is this stuff is so cheap that's the
lure then I gotta find them they're not
gonna find them because we stop it up
and we can do it we have great Border
Patrol you know I started this where the
Border Patrol called me and they said
could you come to Laredo Texas I went to
Laredo Texas that's the first time
anybody so that the white house like
that guys that the white make America
great again right I went to lloyd I
spent a day these incredible people
these are people that want to do the job
and they're being told Stanback stand
back let two ppl flows row leave them
alone don't touch anybody he saw the
recent you know declaration if you catch
anybody let him go but down
what's going on to you and we have a
massive problem
illegal immigrants we have a hundred and
seventy nine thousand criminal illegal
immigrants in the country right now
these are people convicted of crimes
some of them are rough newt's one
hundred and seventy nine thousand people
that's bigger than any city in new
hampshire you know that it's bigger than
anything we have a hundred and seventy
nine thousand illegal these are
criminals I'm not talking about a little
I'm talking about illegal can have it
it's over we're getting them out with
the strongest quarters and by the way
people coming into our country but they
going to come in legally through a
process that gonna comment
ok they gonna come in legally so I just
want to thank you all for coming I it's
a great honor to have so many people and
now take my hour and a half drive back
the other way I think I missed the super
bowl of these are minor details I
couldn't care less but I i just want to
say I love you folks you're amazing
people amazing amazing people and on
Tuesday go out and vote and hopefully
vote-rich I'm actually if you're not
going to vote for jump don't go out I
get a lot of a lot of these files are
not important who you vote for but you
have to go through the process I feel
differently if you're not going to vote
for me do not vote ok we love you all
have a good time make America great
again thank you thank you thank you