you know this all started we had a hotel
and we're gonna have about 250 or 300
people and the hotel was great they
called they said something's happening
here we can hold this is crazy what's
going on and then we went to the
convention center they can have 10,000
people and we're all set and we're
excited and the next day they said too
many people we can put them in so we
came here
today if you notice we have a stock
market that doing so well we have a
country not doing so well we've been
saying it for a long time we have
politicians other than the few
politicians that are with us and I will
exclude them but we have politicians it
don't have a clue they're all talk and
no action what's happening to this
country is disgraceful
and you know what I had said I was
running for president I brought up I
brought up the subject of illegal
immigration and I took a lot of heat
that I can tell you rush limbaugh sorry
said incoming he got more incoming than
anybody I've ever see
and two weeks later everybody was
apologizing to me they saw that I was
right between what happened in San
Francisco to do incredible Kate and her
family is such an incredible family and
Jimmy land so many people have been so
badly hurt the other day in California
last week a woman sixty-six years older
veteran was killed raped sodomized
tortured and killed by an illegal
immigrant we have to do it we have to do
something we have to do
we're going to talk with you have a lot
of fun I you know the weather's it is
dicey thats ok but who cares if it rains
right
range I'll take off my how to improve
I'll prove once and for all that is mine
ok so we're gonna talk about a lot of
different subjects in and you know it's
nice Friday night but that right what
that what's better
that built this country that's what we
have here i mean the people that built
the country great people so we'll start
with the little talk or on the illegal
immigration what's going on
gotta stop it we're going to build a
wall and it's going to be you know it's
amazing the politicians 10 years ago
fifteen years ago they all wanted a wall
but it never went it never happened
because somebody didn't want to probably
a lobbyist you know all these guys like
bush and like hillary clinton they're
all taken care of
I don't know you know
hillary has sixty million dollars and
when jeb bush when Jeff Bush was totally
in favor of Common Core week on
immigration live very weak on
immigration wants to let people come in
although now he is using anchor baby you
know he put out a memo you cannot use a
good baby now because I used it he's
using it
politicians but when they have in his
case a hundred and fourteen million
dollars in hillary's case she's got
sixty no I don't know that she's gonna
make it to the gate what do you think
make it to the gate some bad things came
out today
you know those classified you know the
word classified you know they've
destroyed General Petraeus over less and
nothing seems to be happening here so it
will be very interesting to see what
happens ultimately but we have right now
and I i just got these numbers today I
said what are the seven and a half
percent of all of us in this country
illegal goods can afford it and they
supposed to stay in I turned out to be
right the 14th amendment amendment I was
right you can do something with it and
you can do something fast you can do
something fast
300,000 babies a year three hundred
thousand that you have to take care of
we all have to take care of and you know
in the case of other countries including
Mexico they don't do that doesn't work
that way you know one day and all of a
sudden we have another American citizen
it doesn't work that way
Mexico doesn't do it other places don't
do it very few places do it with the
only place just about that stupid enough
to do it
I just decided to run I got an amazing
receptor we have to set a Zeppelin
non-politician the other day served jury
duty
used to put down politician but I will
say this we have a great politician here
we have the men here really hope that
he's the one person I saw his counsel
because he's been so spot-on he's so
highly respected has anybody ever heard
of Senator Jeff Sessions
unbelievable died
somebody in the presence of stand up for
them
traditions of this country we welcome
you here thank you for the work you put
into the immigration issue I'm really
impressed with your plan I'm know it
will make a difference in this crowd
shows a lot of people agree with that
graduation
help so I go around and I see so many
people and I've been treated so well by
the people and you know we're leading in
every poll with leading in just about
every state
including Alabama
Florida
and you know it's really amazing I said
well flood I love Florida it's a great
place right but Florida we have a
governor and we have a sitting senator
and I'm killing them
obviously not doing a very good job is
that shouldn't be happening but we're
waiting in Pennsylvania Iowa New
Hampshire South Carolina North Carolina
texts
usually where we're just absolutely way
ahead of everybody else in fact you know
if this were another country we could
maybe call for an expedited election
right I would love to do that I'd like
to have the election tomorrow I don't
wanna way so the reason that I think we
see this receptivity is that I know the
game better than anybody I've been on
the other side you know I was totally
establishment was hand in millions of
dollars all the time do these characters
right I was I was like the fair-haired
boy do I look fair haired black
but I understand it so many people have
come up lobbyist I said I don't want
money from lobbyists but recently last
week comes up I don't want your money
because I don't know maybe I'll
rethinking everything ok how about this
happen if I take his money but in the
end I school and don't do anything I
promise I won't do anything for told
them I said you know I don't want your
money comes in two years when you come
to see me about something I'm not doing
it unless it's good and less gonna make
America great again right right
I'm gonna have to rethink and I think
I'm gonna rethink that because I think I
should take a lot of money allowed to
give it to charity or so just take it so
what happens is these guys come up and
I'm lucky you know everybody said he's
never gonna run ok you know that right
and my wife actually said you know if
you pretty well I just the reaction that
for a long time whether its trump the
art of the deal which Obama and carry
obviously did not read when they did
this crazy deal with that but I love
that book you know I said the other day
and it sort of played pretty well that
is my second overall via el perro via
that is nice to me that book the art of
the deal and that's the real one that's
original
that's when they use real paper right
said the other day so many people to
carry around the art of the deal because
India politicians please please read the
art of the deal when you negotiate with
China and Japan Mexico and with vietnam
and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody
you know right now we have a problem
where north korea's getting frisky right
now
recently I ordered four thousand
television said I'd like to order it
from here like the Hudson made in
America can you believe I was able to
find the guy you know these had two hot
as a pistol you know that and then made
in America and I'm gonna give you book
believe you haven't forgotten about you
but then made in America but the other
day and now I see today it's pretty hot
on the news that are very dear friend
from North career is acting a little bit
rambunctious again so I ordered four
thousand television sets from South
Korea whether it's Samsung or LG or any
of them they're all made in south korea
I paid a fortune and a wonderful
wonderful people we don't do everybody
that makes television sets in this
country almost like don't think so right
so they're mostly made other than Sony
which has lost his way
prices are too high but mostly made in
South Korea soon LHC North Korea is
acting up so I see that we're sending
ships and we're getting our troops ready
we have 28,000 troops and we're getting
ready just in case bob was gonna play
with it to protect what we get
Arabian I get along great with all of
our partners for me they spend forty
million sixty million am I supposed to
dislike them I like
very much but you know saudi arabia
makes one billion dollars a day to day
26 before they all went down a little
bit but that's okay these are minor
details but let's say they were so now
they're making a half a billion today
that we get nothing and they wouldn't be
there without protection even Germany
Germany's of power who has a
mercedes-benz anybody lot of people
there are power nothing we defend the
whole world
nice somebody said all that's like the
Mafia defense I said don't worry about
it the month is not so stupid that's
terrible to ask for money they said it
should that's terrible how can you
possibly ask for money to defend the
country i mean tell me tell me so now
we're sending our ships were sending
everything we gotta tell what does
28,000 troops that we have right now on
the border between North and South Korea
that's dangerous territory they're in
harm's way they're in harm's way and we
get nothing good competitor compete with
us they take our trade will lose a
fortune with them we would support you
with china we defend Japan you know we
have an agreement with japan where
somebody attacks Japan we have to come
to their rescue but if we can detect
doesn't have to help us do you think
that's a good deal
that's not a mic sergeant Bergdahl has
anybody heard of such a traitor
don't know the trader I called President
Obama the 541 president we get sergeant
pergola trader who by the way six people
at least that we don't have six people
were killed trying to get this guy back
six people they went after him they
wanted to get him back so we get
sergeant Bergdahl and they get five
people that they desperately wanted two
years right now back on the battlefield
trying to kill everybody including US
House stupid our way how stupid you know
the reason we have crowds and no matter
where I go the other night we're in new
hampshire we we had some new hampshire
was so incredible to Craig W every time
I go on television is gonna be live I
should have a rest police tonight is
live on Fox Sports
CNN
and it's going to be at its live on
MSNBC
really incredible I really appreciate
you especially with this weather in this
heat everything else but the reason is
because I do know and I don't say that a
break and dishes like you people are
looking for somebody that knows what
he's doing whatever it is
I was saying so they said I wasn't gonna
run and everyone so he's never gonna run
never gonna run he's just having fun
just a good time is branded like I care
brand this point this macy's because I
said about illegal immigration they drop
my Brendan I'm supposed to be
regardless regardless I had too soon
Univision Univision my poor miss univers
people that beautiful beautiful women
some girls are beautiful women and I get
dropped by think of it you have these
magnificent women that work all their
life to be in the Miss USA contest in
the mission and two weeks before the
contest NBC and Univision drop because
they thought my tone was a little bit
strong and it turned out I was like good
news I saw them both
in the case of Univision I see him for
five hundred million dollars I want that
money I want down
so I actually put it on the other day
the Miss Universe Miss USA I put it on
because it was only fair to the people
and we had it on this small network and
it was fine but because they want to be
so politically correct they actually
called and they said oh we'll get that
going to get it back on soon
you know the case of a couple they said
losses NASCAR was all over the world in
front of my clothes because I opened
with a strong statement meaning illegal
immigration problem so all of the one
day was Nazca from losses NASCAR it
turned out it turned out that I lost
nesco you know they did they rented a
ballroom it dropped around can you
believe that was my losses and by the
way I kept their deposit and read it to
somebody else
the next day
ES seven skies with trumpets all over
the world
ESPN I have friends call me from Paris
he's a great businessman Alex too bad
about what happened to inspect you know
it was a golf outing and one of my
courses are you believe this is my big
deal and it was all over the world in
the press
I don't know maybe they didn't get it
maybe they don't get it I was very
disappointed there with me sees you know
certain does not a big deal but they
heard they're gonna be three pickets in
front of the store and they called
pickets were gonna tickets I said look
into our gonna believe that go for lunch
they won't come back don't worry about
godless people and so the reason that
we're getting this receptivity which is
like this all over the place is because
this is a good sign the big document
which is a one-page document which
basically you're giving your life away
and and then they can't believe the
pundits you know they get paid a half a
million dollars a year to sit there and
make jokes are themselves right column
funders some great summer really
incompetent I will tell you the ones but
you know what I think I can now you know
you know she says I don't know which one
to five left there were about 15 but
they're starting to come in but what
happens is that this is probably not as
rich as I said actually one of the
reasons I want to recommend 110 billion
dollars that's good right very little
debt very little debt
exactly as it has a line for income and
income with psych I think it's over four
hundred million dollars a year
good my son is here look at you can live
on that it says your online income and
it's like you know there is a different
things but basically over 400 million a
year 365 is there anybody that would not
want to make that much money and when
you hear anybody really well with it
comes responsibility but I will tell you
this reason people like what i'm saying
is because I want to put that energy
whatever the hell kind of energy is I
don't know if it's screwed up it's good
if it's whatever it is I know how to do
things and I'm not gonna do I i won't
care about you know we're building a
great building on pennsylvania avenue
right opposite between as you know the
white house and the old post office real
estate business slogan always get the
post office post office in washington D
C and I got it from the Obama
administration can you believe that's
cool deal making one of the most
sought-after buildings in the history of
the general services administration and
I got it and you know what they did the
right thing because we're doing a great
job and we had a great statement they
want to make sure it gets done and it'll
be opening and here's a little story
it's now under budget and ahead of
schedule do you ever hear that from
government
and we just finished around a lot of
great job and my son is here eric has
anybody ever heard of the vodka has
anybody let them run and I'm not gonna
let him do any big deals but you know
what I won't care about that company my
whole energy shares my whole energy my
whole being is going to be to make our
country rich and to make our country
great again and my primary it's a great
attitude I've always had an aptitude for
making money some people would say that
mr. Trump that's very kress you said
your gonna make the country rich in
order to make our country great I had to
get rich again we're debtor nation he
agreed do you agree with me yes I can't
see anybody with a sign that big ass to
it so I will devote a thousand percent I
couldn't care less about your post
office I couldn't care less about any of
our stuff my kids are really good very
nicely and I just wanna make this
country so and that's what's going to
happen and that's what's gonna
as an example a couple examples in
Alabama USA steel enclosure essentially
a closure and I said why what happened
and I went around and I said anybody
work there no I don't think so I hope
but big closure and one of the reasons
that China is dumping so much steel into
the United States and other company
other countries also but China I love
that sign look at that
wow wow that's true except the only
problem is you're breaking everybody's
design is good thank you SO saina is
dumping tremendous amounts of steel into
our country the government is
subsidizing it it's almost like they
want us to just die and they have no
respect for us and again like Saudi
Arabia the largest bank in the world is
in one of my buildings they buy
apartments they spend so much money am I
gonna dislike them I love them
the problem is that I say it all the
time their leaders are really smart
they're really coming they're really
sharp and we have dummies right we have
dummies we have done these
people that don't have a clue I don't
know you know some people say they're
bad people I don't think I think they're
incompetent people a lot of people think
they've been I don't think they've been
I think they're in town so you look at
China and what they've done and you know
last week and I said this and I've been
saying bubble for a long time you've
been hearing it last week they devalue
their currencies and we're having a lot
of hard times because of what they do
and when I hear devaluation of the
Chinese currency you know the word the
sucking action that's cool to something
like a vacuum to suck in action
two things happen two things get sucked
out of us our jobs and our money not
think of it
china shop product takes takes place
manufactured for us and we owe them one
point four trillion dollars that's like
a magic act called the magic act in
reverse
we owe them money Japan Japan is that
they have abused a new prime ministers
you know is really smart I mean he's
sixty minutes and they doing this
feature and Caroline Kennedy and she's
very nice you know why i like it because
he likes anybody that my daughter likes
like anybody my daughter like we love
you so so what happens and they should
have a very important position because
we negotiate you know you need somebody
killer dumped you need somebody so they
said how did you get the impression she
said well this is a pretty close you can
check it out well I don't know
I wanted a job and had nothing to do so
I went to the white house and I said
could have a job to do and they should
how would you like to be ambassador to
japan and she should really killers
killers but I will put the meanest
Marcus smart it with the best in the
world we don't use them we used
political hacks diplomats we as people
who don't have any business ability we
have people use people that have never
done a job somebody stole my blame them
and as an example Carl Icahn did anyone
ever hear he's an unbelievably brilliant
tough business so cold i didnt wear them
two nights ago I said you know Carl I'm
doing pretty well I'm leaving every poll
believe it either and I said get there I
want you to oversee the negotiations
with China China and Japan I'll do it
I'll do it is like
blood coming out of her eyes with hatred
he had blood coming out of he will do it
is unbelievable negotiate an
unbelievable negotiator and I know what
I know the best I know the worst I know
the ones that are overrated I know the
ones that you've never heard about or
read about that are better than all of
them but calls one of the great cities
very famous a very rich and he would
love to do it gives him that he knows
what's happening so they send their
stuff over here and actually somebody
the other day said what china has done
to the United States is the greatest
single theft in the history of the world
we've rebuilt china we've rebuilt China
so you know we have free trade the
problem with free trade is when you have
free trade very important you need
competent leaders that's the one problem
with free trade I like free trade I'm
free trade negotiators a great lives we
don't have that we're getting killed by
everybody we don't make good use
everybody is killing so we will have
believable as a friend of mine is a
manufacturer and he's trying to do
business with China and what is going on
is a good manufacturer makes great
product better than what they do they
don't want to just because you know it's
impossible to do business I can get my
dumpling soup over here comes in by the
ship and then now building big factories
in China don't blame China
I respect them angry them angry at our
leaders to be so stupid thing you know
mexico china the other day
nabisco this glorious right cause I love
the Orioles I'm never eating again
disco closes a plant they just announced
couple of days ago in Chicago and then
moving the plant to mexico y
have you heard my story my favorite
stories for you heard the story with 42
we want to hear it again or not
alright that's a big 10 4 great company
building a 2.5 billion dollar car
factory in places all over the United
States shipbuilding this massive factory
in mexico so I went to this great school
I was actually you know I went to this
great place the Wharton School of
Finance artist gonna get it even then it
was hard to get into the artist but I
went great business school and I get
business I totally understand another
plant plant being built to get started
they're going to announce it in
Tennessee you read about it and is a
couple of months ago
Wall Street Journal all set to get
started all of a sudden Mexico took it
away and now it's time to be built in
tennessee is going to be built in Mexico
so sort is building a plant and here's
what I did I said to myself I give
myself this does it really is sort of
myself and I say let's assume that
somebody else becomes president would be
horrible
somebody else becomes president let's
assume a very low energy person very
very low energy so low energy that every
time you watch him you fall asleep
Hilary Hilary Rosen
happens in like I said you schools go to
hell
people flow over there but forgetting
about that so let's say the jet doesn't
want us to win so they get a call him to
head of ford president we want to build
it well we don't want to be the next day
or the next hour he's gonna get a call
from the lobbyists and special interests
in his donors and I gotta say hey Jim we
give you eight million dollars of your
one hundred and twenty million that you
raised we gave you $1,000,000 we want
that thing don't you can't do that our
people
ok a little bit it's going to get done
today the plant will get built now let's
take slump is it ok that better
CNN does this big report that came out
last week's hours leading in the polls
and everybody says why don't I have a
pollster what they'll do I need a poster
every day I wake up is another bowl
right they pay these guys like $100,000
a month and they can't function because
the list ago and haven't visited with a
pulsar they can talk and I say why do I
need a pollster when every day there's a
new poll and they give like 30 pages I
don't have to get a pollster what the
hell do I needed save you money but it's
really very very expensive very well
done only well done cause I was leading
by a lot of ways it and they had
leadership I was way ahead of everyone
would be great at the people on it but
the thing and I do very well at it
military I am good guy
build our military it will be so strong
and so powerful and so great
so great to use it nobody's gonna mess
with us folks nobody nobody's gonna miss
me
country and by the way one of them are
we gonna take care of its right
another poll but they did a poll on like
who's one of the most popular with it
that's I was the most popular person
like me and I love them because you know
why
thirty-five years these senators and
these other than Jeff but hers is
congressman these people in Washington
including presidents have done nothing
for the vids and we're gonna take care
of our so they do this though and in the
poll I almost everything other than they
thought it was a nice person woman came
up to me she said I'm not sure that your
nice enough to be president I said you
know what this is not going to be an
election based on a nice person it's
going to be based on a competent person
with higher
I want the economy I want jobs I want
leadership by massive numbers like I
wanted all these categories
why do we need it unless you don't need
election these are such important
categories but I had an amazing
experience because the time I announced
almost other than the first week it was
a rough week but the press which is by
the way
largely very dishonest I have to say
this the political media I actually
think I actually think that the
political media is less popular than
Congress can you believe it and congress
is on those congress is almost no rating
and internal affairs with all this
camera 0 live in the trying to shut off
the camera right now but you know what
their own lives and so many live cameras
but look at thank you
the media's very dishonest but there is
a certain group that are fantastic
people and every once in a while I'll
get an honest story and I love it like
cherishes not often but they chairs but
we we have you have to stay in and they
have to really started treating me much
better don't forget when I first read
it's amazing
went to a great school my uncle was a
professor at MIT was a smart guy you
know good guy right good family we
believe in the gene thing I do like they
used to say Secretariat does it produce
Louis is actually secretary was it one
of the best of you one other dude but
interior thats but then I went out and
made a tremendous tremendous fortune and
great company I did the art of the deal
and many books are best-sellers was one
of the biggest-selling maybe the biggest
selling business books of all time I did
the apprentice love the apprentice
commander because they renewed the
apprentice and I said excuse me I'm not
doing it I'm running the country great
again they actually
actually came up to my office and the
top people great people from NBC and
they said please please run run and i
said im not running advertising and I'm
going to make our country do something
we're gonna do something so so I look at
the landscape I look at where we're
going look at where we've been we've had
a horrible number of years a horrible
number of years we can't beat Isis I
watched a general the other day on
television was just retiring which is
why do you think will do against Isis I
don't know it's going to be very tough
can you believe this
General George Patton General Douglas
MacArthur are spinning in their graves
as you listen to their spinning in their
graves and I look at what's going on
with the landscape and then I I get to
meet all of the people that I've met
over the last time and I want to tell
you it's been it's been amazing it's
been really and I want to finish up with
a couple of little points one of them is
I love is by the way
I love the story because it's so when I
get the call I say in the United States
gonna say no we don't want to let me
tell you sir you gonna build in the
United States and I will be called by
people but I will not have any of them
money so I don't care and they're gonna
say I'll call them in and I'll say
listen here's the story building
billion dollars in mexico charge you a
tremendous little 35% tax five percent
is going to be for every car in every
part of every truck that comes into the
united states and here's what's going to
happen here's what's going to happen you
sure you standing or sitting there going
to come back to me the following day I
would say the following afternoon let's
say it's twelve I say by the time the
day I don't need call i can only
describe stories and they're gonna come
back and they gonna say mister president
of the National get caught by the
lobbyists are gonna get caught by this
pressure and I'm just say no interest no
it within 24 hours they were gonna say
mister president what you doing to a
sister but we will build the Union the
United States we will build the plant
and 100% and all say the same thing to
nabisco it doesn't help us it doesn't
help us when you look at what's going on
when you look at what's going on we're
in the business closing in so many
places are closing when you look at the
kind of money that these countries are
making and i'm naming of steel I mean so
many countries we don't have anything
left we're running on fumes we're
running on fumes there's nothing here
when you look at what happens there's so
much sharper this so much smarter and
we're not gonna have a country left we
need to have our borders
we need to make great deals you know the
man in the back
how would you like to be israel right
now they relied on us
sanity great people and we have a deal
that is so incompetent so bad think of
the deal we make a deal
our chief negotiator goes into a bicycle
race at 73 years old he pulls you breaks
his leg that was the good part of our
deal that was the only thing that
happened and I told people last week as
I told this list I swear to you I will
never ever ride a bicycle but we have a
new thing that just came up yesterday in
the deal we know all about the 24 day
period but the 24 day period that
doesn't start that clock does it start
ticking for a long time for a long time
so that can be forever so they're doing
something believe me by the time we get
there but he's the all-time great why
aren't they giving us back up residues
and second can you believe this did you
believe it
and second of all the other day it was
determined that Iran in a very important
section maybe the most important right
is going to do their own policing
police
they are going to police and they are
going to tell us we swear we're not
building anything it's it's it's so sad
Obamacare
we are going to repeal and replace it
we are going to come up with a plan and
there are so many different ways you
know you don't know this because you
don't think Obama is you know who the
biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare on
the insurance companies insurance
companies remember I told you special
interests and lobbyists the insurance
companies love it we can have such great
plans it would get rid of the artist
racial lines around every day I have a
huge huge company and 101 group they
don't negotiate some of the people that
own businesses know what I'm talking
about the insurance companies are still
protected they're making a fortune gonna
make it so competitive we're gonna get
rid of the artificial barriers
great plan and Obamacare I mean you look
at what's happening with your premiums i
mean look at this look at what's
happening just take a look at what's
happening to the deductibles this
highest possible it's impossible
health care we're gonna fix it women's
health issues we're gonna fix you know
my wife came up to me the other day and
she said it's really sad because people
don't understand how you cherish woman I
want to protect women so important I
heard some of the other candidates jeb
and some of the other 0 the day saying
we're not gonna fun various women's
health issues can you believe this I
said that's the end of his election win
I don't think like that do much do we
agree and he said
women's health issues
a few hours later he came back and he
said he misspoke but women's health
issues so important
we're going to end up taking our country
we are going to make it so strong so
powerful so loved by people again so
love you no problems that we have but
you see it is a tremendous lack of
spirit and I actually thought that
President Obama the one thing he was
inexperienced team ever produced the job
lots of other things but I actually
thought that he would be great really
great cheerleader for the country when
he was elected I thought that he would
and he's really turned out to be a great
divider as opposed to a great deal
and Baltimore you look at Ferguson you
look at st. Louis last night over the
last week you look at all the things
that are happening we're sitting on
Patrick X is no say there's no jobs
anything we are going to take this
country I am going to be the greatest
jobs president that God ever created
I will tell you that I will
you know I oftentimes say the American
dream is dead but I'm gonna make it
bigger and stronger and more powerful
than ever before
that's what's going to happen I am going
to make this country bigger and stronger
and better and you're gonna love it i
love u president and we're gonna turn
this place around be so proud
whole thing is make America great again
we are going to make america better than
it's ever been and we're gonna love
doing it and we're gonna have fun doing
it and I just want to thank everybody
just has been really really thank you
thank you very much