{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f0\fs26 \cf0 01. Full Speech: Donald Trump EXPLOSIVE Rally in Manchester, NH (2-8-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-UyrR2I9l0\
\
\
02. Full Speech- Donald Trump Rally in Portsmouth, NH- Great Bay Community College (2-4-16)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0yx4I0ZjkM\
\
\
03. Donald Trump Presidential Announcement Full Speech 6-16-15\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_q61B-DyPk\
\
\
04. Donald Trump New Hampshire victory speech (full speech)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzptwPR3zo8\
\
\
05. FULL Speech HD- Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Birmingham, AL (11-21-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmPqV41bfC0\
\
\
06. Full Speech- Donald Trump Speaks at SC Tea Party Convention (1-16-16)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-zN5k4Gu40\
\
\
07. Full Speech- Donald Trump AMAZING Rally in Raleigh, NC (12-4-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm_m1u3RQh8\
\
\
08. Full Speech HD- Donald Trump Speaks at Rally in Nashua, NH (12-28-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d4iJuBn6YM\
\
\
09. LIVE Donald Trump Florence South Carolina Civic Center FULL SPEECH HD February 5 2016 
\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0 \
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKhuMbYpm0\
\
\
10. Full Speech- Donald Trump EXPLOSIVE Rally on USS Yorktown (12-7-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKB-iym5ibk\
\
\
11. Donald Trump Tampa Florida Rally FULL SPEECH (2-12-16)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqpEoWQL8WE\
\
\
12. FULL Speech- Donald Trump Speaks at Republican Jewish Coalition Presidential Forum (12-3-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQYOvDmWqjo\
\
\
13. FULL Speech- Donald Trump Holds MASSIVE Rally in Macon, GA  w- Herman Cain (11-30-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CylaSwEZDsU\
\
\
14. FULL Speech HD- Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Beaumont, TX (11-14-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KUMb_7LH9Q\
\
\
15. LIVE Donald Trump Rally Milford New Hampshire Hills Athletic Club FULL SPEECH HD February 2 2016 
\f1 \uc0\u10004 
\f0 \
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAMonkoVG4o\
\
\
16. FULL SPEECH Donald Trump Dubuque, Iowa   August 25, 2015\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCzkoS8bfDQ\
\
\
17. Donald Trump Mesa Arizona Rally FULL Speech - (12-16-2015)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueIHodEl-vw\
\
\
18. FULL Speech- Donald Trump Brings Down The House in Manassas, VA (12-2-15)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FG9dQ1El6go\
\
\
19. FULL SPEECH  Donald Trump Mobile, AL (AUGUST 21, 2015)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLCdDI3GAzE\
\
\
20. Donald Trump Plymouth New Hampshire Rally FULL Speech (2-7-16)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-3Yyg9WHiE\
\
\
21. Donald Trump Alabama FULL Speech, 2016 Presidential Campaign Rally, Mobile AL August 21, 2015\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPWERFt-gf8\
\
\
22. Donald Trump Tampa Florida Rally FULL SPEECH (2-12-16)\
=\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlH0rdW3ks8}