for you and our team Barack Obama will
be present the united states and the
other half is to fill that position
where they good strong principled
conservative from one that we know here
and to Alabama who care after use nine
year olds from here but throughout the
United States of America and the world
now we've got somebody who stars as in
washington who shows those principles
and shows his courage everyday for
somebody like me
Congress to be able to look up to him to
get his advice on important issues like
immigration is a tremendous get it to
give to all of us to have this man not
just representing Alabama but being the
stalwart that he is United States Senate
is my great pleasure in my great
privilege to represent you in the house
of representatives I got to ride in the
car from the airport was senator crews
at Saratoga me tell you about the people
down here we go to church every Sunday
we try every day we don't say happy
holidays we say Merry Christmas
miss the Veterans Memorial Day when
somebody's is among those who served our
country we thank them because we are
Americans and one of the greatest
Americans I have ever known someone
who's done so much to serve our state
and our country is some and I'm here and
I'm honored to introduce your United
States Senator the Honorable jeff
Sessions
it is given some building and had me on
his radio so show and he said and you
must be very proud to represent such a
people and I do have great honor and
proud proud to represent you
particularly pleased to welcome to our
area this a cruise he is a friend and an
ally will work together I'm so proud he
saw came on a fabulous day like this
gosh we know has to be a god in heaven
live in a town in the community is
pretty is this this time of the year
let me just say a couple of times we
ended its last session dismal and
additional congressional session I
appreciate Bradley Brad he's such a
talented hardworking smart knowledgeable
congressman and he stood firm against
this bill as last time
that we've been together on a lot of
important issues one of the things that
you've been hearing about somehow is a
criticism of Ted and how he and what he
did with regard to this massive
immigration bill if they tried to ram
through in 2013 let me tell you I was
there every step of the way with all my
stuff I bought this legislation all the
way through really don't they know now
they not to let me just tell you a few
things it just call people need to
remember this because this election is
going to the size of the crowd pushed
that bale of hay in the white house and
will they be able to continue their
agenda I was somebody else be there it
was saying no this is what happened
after the 2007 battle you remember
people started sending bridge to
Congress and 2007 to build a wall that
fall into rang and rang and rang and I
got sixty votes in the Senate on the
first preliminary vote and the second
vote this shutdown millions of Americans
will call and we had a final vote had a
final vote only 46 voted for the people
spoke and the congress finally although
was dicey for a while
responded here in 2013 same group again
they spend a billion and a half dollars
to promote this legislation they had
political consultants pollsters hired
and polling to try to spin the numbers
in any way possible to advance this
agenda they had special interest groups
they met for months that gang of eight
and they were determined they were gonna
move this bill the past and it wasn't me
wrong thing he was it worth still
everybody would acknowledge I think that
fire about it in the 2007 bill gave
amnesty
over a period of years even decades
enforcement that if history follows a
buyout would never have occurred we
voted more than once to build a fence do
we have a fence
so I just cause you promise and so you
gonna do something in washington you you
know that's not so and so it came before
the senate and the gang of eight met
every day they also been meeting with
the special interest groups that
activist groups the lower rod the
group's the ACLU were active part of
that and the business groups who want to
lower morning or cheat life is not a
healthy thing I gotta tell you know I
was really worried about it and we had a
big battle and I as they met they had us
teen now playing and the plan was that
they would go down every amendment no
matter what the amendment why they want
to do that because they said they had
she through these secret meetings I
delicate balance between enforcement may
have the perfect bill and they could
alter it in any way and every amendment
that came up in the Senate Judiciary
Committee was voted down five eighths by
partisan every democrat in a number of
republicans voting with so I gotta tell
you as it can stuff that the toughest
most exciting and Shane's out things
that occurred was Ted Cruz and Chuck
Schumer citizenship for the future I'll
never ever seen Schumer who is very
talented actually be flummoxed
almost got to the point of the keys and
Taylor being anti Hispanic kid you not
but they would clear that was at central
determining essence one of the things I
wanted was
citizenship for people who came here
legally now look makes no sense
you cannot provide the somebody who
entered the country if you every bit of
it illegally every benefit you give to
somebody comes legally shirley's
citizenship the capstone of what america
gives out not to be given to people who
entered the country in violation about
very laws
and they got a big voting comedian a
pretty big boat and the floor of the
senate but by then by then like I said
you know you leave them at role in the
sunshine long and it begins to stink and
by the time it got to the house it was
big in the same significantly in the
house locked in and stopped it it was
that close to being passed and I would
say this I think I can say this with
integrity and and and good judgment I
believe without the vigorous opposition
of Ted Cruz this bill likely would've
passed so we need to thank him for that
they've got money interest groups power
media support this agenda and the next
president who gets elected is going to
determine what kind of immigration
system we have and we want a lawful
system that's all the american people
asking for a lawful system of
immigration that is serves their
interests American people I'm not
against immigrants they don't hate
immigrants later they don't believe we
should have no immigration in america
but they were all lawful system of smart
system that people apply and they wait
their turn and they get in and some
don't get in and I'll national security
is protected and I jobs and wages are
protected
me state King and Michael A
and others who oppose his bill and only
by to get differently it was critical to
the success that we've had we've been
together a lot of other issues and stood
firmly on a number of critical battles
the kind of wasteful spending that we're
being seen as a champion on that so
without further ado here is my great
honor to welcome to our beautiful area
the state a great national leader Ted
Cruz
good friend jeff Sessions thank you for
the very very kind introduction and I
want to say to the men and women of
Alabama principled conservative patriot
who
where all the money all the power in
washington was arraigned on one side and
a handful of conservatives were standing
with the working men and women of this
country on the other side and I'll tell
you when you're standing with the people
of Alabama we all spent a good chunk of
the week washingtonDC so it
we have talented candidates for
president