bless the great state of Iowa
let me first of all say to God be the
glory
tonight is a victory for the grass roots
tonight is a victory for courageous
conservatives across iowa and all across
this great nation tonight the state of
Iowa has spoken
Iowa has sent notice that the republican
nominee and the next president of the
United States will not be chosen by the
media
will not be chosen by the washington
establishment will not be chosen by the
lobbyists but will be chosen by but the
most incredible powerful force we're all
sovereignty resides in our nation by we
the people the american people thanks to
the incredible hard work of everyone
gathered here courageous conservatives
across this state we together earn the
votes of forty eight thousand six
hundred and eight iowans
to put into perspective you're
incredible victory that you have one
denied that is the most votes ever cast
for any Republican primary winner
tonight is a victory for millions of
Americans who have shouldered the burden
of seven years of Washington deals run
amok tonight is a victory for every
American who's watched in dismay as
career politicians in Washington in both
parties refused to listen in too often
fail to keep their commitments to the
people tonight is a victory for every
American who understands that after we
survived eight long years of the Obama
presidency that no one personality can
right the wrongs done by Washington the
millions who understand that it is a
commitment to the constitution to our
shared insistence that we rise and
return to a higher standard
the very standard that gave birth to the
greatest nation that the world has ever
known
revolutionary understanding that all men
and all women are created equal there
are rights do not come from the
democratic party or the republican party
or even from the Tea Party our rights
come from our creator
and the federal government's role the
federal government's responsibility is
to defend those fundamental rights to
defend us and while americans will
continue to suffer under a president who
is set an agenda that is causing
millions heard across this country I
want to remind you of the promise of
Scripture weeping may endure for a night
but joy cometh in the morning
night Iowa has proclaimed to the world
morning is coming morning is coming on
campaign has been a movement from
millions of Americans across this
country to organize to rally to come
together whatever washington says they
cannot keep the people down and tonight
is a testament to the people's
commitments to their yearnings to get
back to our core commitments free-market
principles constitutional liberties and
the judeo-christian values that built
this great nation when the washington
lobbyists settled on other candidates in
this race when the media in one voice
said a conservative cannot win
nationwide over 800,000 contributions
poured in to Ted Cruz dot org as
courageous conservatives said yes we can
800,000 contributions that Ted Cruz dot
org
with an average contribution of $67 that
is the power of the grass roots
but it's more than that its 12,000
volunteers here in the state of Iowa
it's over 200,000 volunteers all across
this great nation in the course of this
campaign people have asked idea me
and I will admit it is 16 18 hours a day
six seven days a week we are not tired
at all
to the contrary we are inspired by each
and every one of you to bed every
morning amazed at a time when our
country is in crisis every one of us has
the opportunity to stand and lead that
we have been put in a place of
leadership for such a time as this I'm
inspired stories of heroism that I see
everyday working men like Jerry dunleavy
from columbus ohio who requested an
entire month off his job to come to Iowa
to live at Camp crews and a volunteer
full-time
when his employer refused to give him
the time off Jerry quit his job and came
anyway and I love the great state of
Iowa
and inspired by people like elliott
gazer and Josh hammer students at the
University of Chicago who spent their
winter break at Camp cruise but they
didn't stop there they came back this
weekend they hit the phones and they hit
the pavement campaigning so that
students across this country upon
graduation rather than having mountains
of debt will instead have 2345
high-paying job offers and a chance at
the american dream I'm inspired by
people like alexander Ziegler a thirteen
year old girl from Lubbock Texas who
yesterday and our campaign headquarters
made eight hundred and twenty-three
volunteer calls that has always been the
strength of this campaign are the men
and women gathered here and courageous
conservative standing up and speaking
out and lifting us up in prayer lifting
this country up in prayer
each and every day and let me say our
leadership team are Iowa State chairman
Matt Schultz what an extraordinary job
you have done organizing a grassroots
army and let me say they are Iowa State
Director Brian English what an amazing
job brian is done and to our national
co-chairman Bob Vander Plaats and steve
King these men have become deer and
trusted friends they are war years they
are men of principle they stand and
speak the truth they stand to defend
their values and let me tell you these
leaders day after day week after week
have been crawling under broken glass
with knives between their team I'm
grateful for their support the early
support of my friend Steve days
we're grateful for the over one hundred
and fifty pastors across the state of
Iowa who joined our team to energize
people of faith we are grateful to the
state senators to the state
representatives to the volunteer leaders
in each of the 99 counties who stood up
and said we will be heard and this will
be decided by the grass roots and then I
am so grateful to national leaders
people like dr. James Dobson and tony
Perkins
and Phil Roberts
and Governor Rick Perry
and Glenn Beck
leaders bringing together on coalescing
conservatives here in iowa and all
across the country
you wanna know what scares the
Washington cartel actually not remotely
I don't scare them in that tiny ass bit
what scares them is you
what scares them is that the old reagan
coalition is coming back together
up conservatives we're seeing
conservatives and evangelicals and
libertarians and reagan democrats all
coming together as one and that
terrifies washingtonDC and so do the
people of Iowa hiring and I say thank
you for your incredible hospitality
thank you for your love
thank you for welcoming us into your
homes into your living rooms
thank you for welcoming my father to
preach from the pulpit of your churches
and let me say parents mom the
incredible unconditional love you have
given me every day of my life the
knowledge that whatever I might do
whatever I might say that my mother
loves me
my cousin bibi is like a sister to me we
grew up together i love u feeds
and to my dad
a man who came from cuba at age 18 with
nothing with $100 in his underwear he
doesn't carry money in his underwear
anymore
a man who was in prison who was tortured
to wash dishes making fifty cents an
hour
who has lived the American dream and a
man who is today a pastor traveling the
country preaching the gospel
my dad is seventy six years old and yet
he's got the energy of a teenager and
dad you have been my hero my whole life
I love you
sunrises tomorrow
campaign will take the next step
we will continue to campaign the same
way
sitting down person-to-person leader to
leader VFW hall to Dunkin Donuts
returning to the great state of New
Hampshire
speak for a minute to the men and women
of the state of New Hampshire thirty-six
years ago you welcome to the Granite
State a candidate running for president
who was also deeply disliked by the
washington establishment and the
Washington cartel a candidate who had
been dismissed outright by the media
some polls had him fifteen to twenty
points behind but you refused to let the
establishment in the cartel and the
media to your thinking for you you
refuse to let them tell you how to vote
you wanted a candidate who didn't adopt
his positions because of the latest
opinion polls but instead because of a
deep an underlying conservative
philosophy that grounded him so that he
knew exactly what he believed exactly
what the principles were that built this
great nation
so tonight I want to say to the people
of new hampshire thank you for what you
did
thirty-six years ago thank you for
giving america and the world and yes
history itself
our 40th President of the United States
ronald wilson reagan and I ask the
people of New Hampshire and the people
of South Carolina and the people of
Nevada and the people of the Super
Tuesday States on March 1st to each of
you do not listen to our words do not
listen to the rhetoric from campaigns
but rather hold each and every one of us
accountable hold me accountable and hold
every other candidate accountable to be
a consistent conservative
if you want a candidate to repeal
Obamacare then support a candidate who
has led the fight to repeal Obamacare if
you want a president to stop amnesty to
secure the borders and keep us safe then
support a candidate who has led the
fight to stop and misty to secure the
borders and to keep us safe if you wanna
candidate to support life and marriage
and religious liberty then support a
candidate who has spent decades of his
life fighting to defend life and
marriage and religious liberty
if you want a candidate to defend the
Second Amendment right to keep and bear
arms
then asked of every candidate where were
you in the spring of 2013 when Barack
Obama and Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer
tried to undermine the Second Amendment
right to keep and bear arms if you want
a candidate who will stand
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel
then support a candidate who has led the
fight over and over again to stand by
our friend and ally the nation of Israel
and if you wanna commander-in-chief who
will fulfill the most solemn obligation
of the president to keep this nation
safe and support a candidate who is
demonstrated the commitment the judgment
the experience the clarity of vision to
identify our enemy to call it by its
name
radical Islamic terrorism
and too early and completely defeat Isis
if I am elected president every militant
on the face of the planet will know if
you go and join Isis if you wage jihad
on the United States of America if you
attempt to murder innocent Americans you
are signing your death warrants
and I'll tell you there's other states
across the country follow the lead of
the good men and women and support this
campaign and this July and cleveland you
will hear these words spoken from the
podium of the unified Republican
convention tonight I want to say to
every member of the democratic party who
believes in limited government in
personal opportunity in the United
States Constitution and a safe and
secure America
to the reagan democrats your party has
left you and the republican party one
shoe we welcome you back because
together this year republicans in the
reagan democrats can send an
unmistakable message the message of a
reagan like landslides that once and for
all will drive the liberal elites and
the Washington cartel into the potomac
and out to sea never to be seen again
together we can bring out a new era of
economic growth the military strength of
international security and the future of
hope that our children deserve if we
commit to do more than hug if we aspire
to govern by a higher standard as
standard that trip transcends political
party and race and gender and income and
to everyone that is tired of a president
that divides us daily on racial lines on
ethnic lines on religious lines on
gender lines on socio-economic lines we
will have a president that once again
seeks to bring us together and unite us
on our shared values of who we are as
america
the most solemn responsibility of the
president is to keep this country safe
and we will stop but weakness and
appeasement we will stop making excuses
for global bullies and terrorists and
rather simply do what it takes to defeat
them I give you my solemn promise we
will finally finally finally secure the
borders and end sanctuary cities and I
want to speak for a moment to the
soldiers and sailors and airmen and
Marines I want to speak to the moms and
dads who have a child serving overseas I
want to speak to the husbands and wives
who wake up at night wondering if their
loved one is still alive I want to speak
to the little kids who have been waiting
months upon months to get a hug from
Daddy a kiss from mommy to all of our
fighting men and women who have been
sent into combat with their arms tied
behind their back with rules of
engagement that are wrong that are
immoral that will end in January 2017
you will have a commander-in-chief who
finally has your back and to the police
officers and the fireman and the first
responders the heroes who rushed into
burning buildings instead of out of
burning buildings the last seven years
of having a president having an attorney
general that demonizes you that vilified
you that sides with the criminals and
looters instead of the brave men and
women of law enforcement that will end
on January 20th 2017 so tonight the
state of Iowa the democrats here seem to
be in a virtual tie between one
candidate who admits he's a socialist
and the other candidate who pretends
she's not I wish them both luck
but I will tell you this is margaret
thatcher observe the problem with
socialism is eventually you run out of
other people's money and let me tell you
tonight I cannot wait to stand on that
debate stage with hillary clinton we
will win by speaking the truth with a
smile
the truth there's the american people
are fed up with washington with a
corrupt class that enriches itself and
leaves behind the working men and women
of this country that growth is the
american people are fed up with a
federal government that views the bill
of rights and the constitution as a
rough draft as an inconvenience and
something to be set aside and we are
ready to get back to the vision of the
framers protecting the unalienable
rights given to each of us by our
Creator the reason I love you are here
is the same reason I am here the same
reason Heidi and I spent every waking
moment for the last year our girls
Carolina and Catherine at age seven and
age 5 every one of us here when we go to
bed at night we think what kind of world
are we leaving our kids are we giving
our children a brighter future are we
giving our children what our parents
gave us a country with greater freedom
greater opportunity more promised more
hope you wanna know why I'm got getting
on a plane in about an hour and flying
all night to New Hampshire to knock on
doors and sit down and visit with people
and ask for their support the reason is
simple because when I look my girls in
the eyes ten twenty years from now I am
NOT gonna tell him we could have stood
up and save this country but we didn't
do everything we could instead I'm gonna
tell them millions of Americans saw that
America was in jeopardy and we rose up
together and said
we are going to preserve this nation for
our children and grandchildren
those who supported other candidates in
this race the republican party is so
blessed to have a bounty of talented
young dynamic candidates people who are
friends people who I like and respect to
those who supported other candidates I
will tell you each of them we welcome
you as part of our team because if we
stand together as one if the american
people stand together and say we want
our country back there is no horse in
washington that can stand against the
American people that can stand against
the grass roots that can stand against
our unity we're gonna do this together
as a movement from the people and I tell
you tonight iowa has made clear to
America and the world
morning is coming morning is coming
thank you and god bless you