it is really good to be home
thrilled to be back at Prestonwood was
somebody dear friends thank you for
coming out today thank you for welcoming
us all here thank you for this
tremendous gathering you know this
morning at the pulpit Dr Grand may have
gone back to the original Greek
if you look to the anomalies you have
the word politics there two parts
Holly meaning many and text me blood
sucking parasites
and that is a fairly accurate
description of washington D C
but you know I'll tell you we all came
out here this afternoon because I think
we recognize that our countries in
crisis I don't believe this is a typical
time in politics a difficult time in our
country we are bankrupting our kids and
grandkids are constitutional rights are
under assault each and every day
has receded from leadership in the world
and it's making the world a much more
dangerous place and yeah I'm here this
afternoon with a whole world of hope and
encouragement exhortation let me tell
you people are waking up we are seeing
an awakening we are seeing a spirit of
revival process
many things this taxes we can talk about
the day we could talk about bringing
back jobs and growth and opportunity we
could talk about abolishing the IRS
the likud talk about repealing Obamacare
we could talk about standing unshakable
with our friend and ally the nation of
Israel
but i wanna talk to something close to
home I want to talk about this press
release Liberty we're seeing in this
country religious liberty is under
threat today like it never has been
before in this nation you know I've been
blessed to spend much of my adult life
fighting to defend religious liberty
together we defended the Ten
Commandments monument on the state
capitol grounds we went to the USS
Supreme Court and we 154
one nation under God has filed a lawsuit
seeking to strike down the pledge we
went to the UE Supreme Court and we won
in representing over three million
veterans pro bono for free
defending the Mojave Desert better is
more
a lone white Latin cross was erected
over 70 years ago to honor the men and
women who gave their lives in ww1 the
ACLU filed a lawsuit seeking to tear it
down the federal district court ordered
that veterans memorial turned on the
grounds it went out on appeal the
Federal Court of Appeals said you have
to take the Veterans Memorial down they
actually ordered that the cross be
covered with a giant sack with a chain
and padlock at the bottom well I'll say
this the court was were right in one
regard the image of the Cross has power
and we won
accelerated yeah well over a month ago I
was proud to host a religious liberty
rally in Iowa
over 2,500 people come out in defense of
religious where he was a single largest
political event in Iowa this year you
know the media diminished threat to
religious liberty to say it's not real
they say is made it made up don't worry
about it we brought in nine heroes to
simply tell their stories to tell their
stories directly from the stage show
typically a political event the
candidates front-and-center I'm very
deliberately wanted to recede and a half
each of those nine heroes tell their
stories as a raisin Jesus spoken parents
what moves hard to tell what connects
with who we are as people there were
people like dick in very own garden
couple of gotta know very well dick and
bedding live in Grimes Iowa they are not
historical Lutheran Church they started
a business hosting legs and wonderful
weddings and they did the catering they
did the flowers and then a couple of
years ago two men came in and they
wanted to get married in the old guard
church now the old guards are devout men
in tights so they very polite flea a
very respectfully said we cannot
celebrate and host your wedding it is
contrary to our faith the next day
pursuit they spent 18 months in
litigation they pay over $5,000 to
settle the suit they promise never again
to host another wedding in August he
went bankrupt they laid off all their
employees this month they're auctioning
off all of the property in the church
I'm not a person who talked to the rally
with Kelton Cochran and african-american
grew up in an inner-city a difficult
home his whole life he wanted to be a
fire and he achieved his dream he became
a fire he rose to become the chief of
the fire department in Atlanta he then
went to Washington President Obama
pointed to a national fire board he
moved to washington served in the Obama
administration and he came back to a
land and resumed his role as chief of
the fire department there was also a
Sunday school teacher and teaching
Sunday school again changing of the book
of Genesis and it particularly started
focusing on the passage where God asked
Adam and Eve who told you you were naked
and it began thinking about what the
word naked means not simply without
clothes but without the covering of
God's love God's redemption and he
contrasted it all the places in the
scripture where it talks about being
closed righteousness close in jesus'
redeeming blood and end up writing a
book based on his Sunday School
teachings called who told you you were
naked and in that book about a page and
a half of that book discusses human
sexuality and what scripture says about
that cochran was fired from his job for
writing that book in his private time as
a Sunday school teacher for writing a
book about what the Bible teaches he was
told you cannot be the fire chief of the
city of Atlanta I gotta tell you the
entire event was three hours 2,500
people nobody left it was I would
encourage we have the whole thing online
at 10 crews dot org I would encourage
you to watch it will lift your spirits
to hear these stories these are ordinary
keep a fireman
Floresta baker a t-shirt maker ordinary
people whose phase will face was tested
pushed up and stood with God I believe
2016 is going to be a religious liberty
election
at the Supreme Court gay marriage oral
argument last year
Justice Alito asked the Obama Justice
Department is your position prevails
will the next step be four the Obama IRS
to go after Christian universities that
follow a biblical teaching on marriage
and by extension Christian grade schools
like the school here
Preston or charities the answers from
the Obama Justice Department is yes that
is a very real possibility the IRS
targeting those who follow a biblical
teaching on marriage that is wrong it is
not who we are but let me give you a
word of encouragement as these threats
Road darker and darker and darker they
are waking people up here in Texas and
all across this country I believe 2016
will be an election like 1980
my goodness you know how to fire people
up
you could be a preacher or something
close
well Dr Grand you can understand it's
even worse I'm happy to know that well
my goodness you and i sat down with your
beautiful wife Heidi back in June and a
lot has happened in the last five months
and you you talked about your vision and
your dream and put in your heart and
we're already seeing so much of that
happen and the Lord seems to be elevated
you and giving you favor with people and
you're certainly here in Texas your back
home and we're really glad that you are
ok thank on the religious freedom issue
one of our concerns obviously is
judicial activist I know this is
something that you've talked about
you're concerned about is well judges
who seem to be making all rather than
interpreting laws how do you view this
and and how can we if you are present
what kind of judges which you appoint
particular Supreme Court justices we
know elections matter is we talked about
earlier this is one of the ways that
matter but do we have a problem with
judicial activism in this country is an
enormous problem and it is growing
if you look at in June the course of 24
hours we had two decisions that we're
both early loss this a prank or a
handful of unelected judges rewrote the
text of Obamacare ignore the federal
statute to force that failed lawn
millions of Americans twenty-four hours
later five unelected judges reported to
tear down the marriage laws of all fifty
says both of those decisions were
lawless they were judicial activism
there's not a word in the constitution
that supports them
really separates a number of the
candidates running on the republican
side in 2016 several of the republican
candidates when the marriage decision
came out put out statements that
effectively says it's the law of the
land we need to accept it
surrender and move on those are
word-for-word the talking points
President Obama I can tell you I for one
do not accept it or not willing to
surrender and I'm not willing to give up
judicial appointments if you look at the
core almost every democratic appointee
on every big picture case they issued
case votes a hundred percent the way the
liberals want republicans we've had
about 500 many of the most egregious
judicial activist Earl Warren William
Brennan John Paul Stevens David Souter
harry blackmun authored roe versus wade
every one of those were republican
appointees and the problem we run into
the same problem over the last day I
talked about two moments in time
number one in 1991 George Herbert Walker
Bush had in one room
data to other roomies Jones the
rock-ribbed conservative on 5th Circuit
Court of Appeals and Bush 41 went with
sister and then in 2005 George W Bush's
similar choice said John Robertson one
room and had my former boss Mike looting
the rock-ribbed conservative on the
floor Circuit Court of Appeals in the
other room and George W Bush went with
Robert now in both instances it wasn't
it the president bush's wanted to put a
liberal on the court and one that but we
need is Jones and Mike looting they have
spent over a decade each on the court
being a principled jurist following the
constitution if you nominated them you
would have a fight if you nominated and
Democrats would go nuts because they'd
understand might looting was Antonin
Scalia is first law clerks they know
exactly what they're gonna get and with
David Souter and John Roberts the
advantage was they have said very little
they had no paper trail in every single
time we've gone with a judicial nominee
who doesn't have a paper trail is turned
into another disaster so in the
republican field
in the republican candidates will sit
down with you and tell you I will
appoint strict constructionist who will
follow the constitution and not
legislate from the bench those of the
talking points every candidate says the
difference is who's willing to actually
spend the camp and fight to do what they
say I have spent my entire adult life
fighting judicial activism there are few
if any choices
things that so many people are upset
about is sending people in washington
who don't get things done who say one
thing and doing nothing and one of the
things that we have appreciate about you
is your willingness to go and stand on
your principles and even when you're
criticized her uncompromising
so when people talk about being an
outsider and at the same time you were a
senator and a very good one how do you
how does that work for you
you you've been going up against
sometimes I'm sure your head against
iraq but how have you been able to
manage this is present how can you
change in this way
yes cecilia is a great question you know
I'm very encouraged by what we see if
you look at that the republican
presidential primary I think one of the
most tremendously helpful thanks to my
campaign has been Donald Trump's candice
for one thing it certainly made it
interests
Donald has really frame the central
issue in this primary as who will stand
up to Washington now fast the central
issue the natural next question is OK
who actually has stood up to washington
I can't think of a better question to
decide this race because in that regard
my record is markedly different from
that of anyone else on that
couple of examples in 2013 when when
millions of Americans rose up against
the disaster that is Obamacare I was
proud to lead that fight you look to the
other 10 Republican standing on that
stage and then the question naturally
arises when you look to 2014 when
millions of Americans rose up against
President Obama's he legal executive
annis once again I was proud to lead
that fight and once again you look to
the other very fine men and women on
this occasion you ask where were they
and and hear it you don't have to go
back to 2013 or 2014
go back to a couple weeks ago Dr Grand
you remember that debate in California
just about every Republican look to the
TV camera and say we should defund
Planned Parenthood policy say that just
two weeks ago we had a knock-down
drag-out fight in Washington millions of
Americans rose up again against Planned
Parenthood pastors all over the country
lit up the phones I was proud to lead
the fight against Planned Parenthood you
look at the other folks
to everyone who spoke so passionately
the debate my national question is where
were they can you imagine how different
it eleven republican presidential
candidates descended on washington and
spoke in unison and said Mitch McConnell
and John Boehner don't send five hundred
million dollars of taxpayer money
that courage ok in the last presidential
election many evangelical Christians did
not vote yes I've heard all kinds of
numbers may be up to a million for
whatever reason sat out not inspire
maybe a little bit of washington that he
call it political fatigue whatever I do
says people are fired up now
yes and that we're ready to do a lot
better and while someone suggests that
evangelical Christians are splintering
and that we're really not that committed
and so on
what what do you say about that and do
you believe Christians members of
churches should engage in the political
process
talk to us a little bit about
citizenship and our responsibility as
you view it to to get to the polls to
get involved in the process
well I think it is absolutely vital I
think the entire election turns on that
question you know many of the folks here
now my father has to Rafael course
for those who did you know that I am the
shy soft-spoken one in the family as you
know my father has has a real calling
two other passengers and and several
years ago God really put a burden on his
heart that no one bears greater
responsibility for where this country is
today than the pastors and it's a hard
message was not an easy message to hear
to deliver but he travels in space of
pastors conference is all over the
country and then the message my dad says
he says you know if the flock stumbles
into a ditch you don't blame the sheep
died in the shop and they're too many
masters unfortunate as my father says
who hide behind the pulpit you don't do
what you're doing now we're just sending
off an encouraging the body of Christ we
have a responsibility
show there about ninety million
evangelicals and evangelical Christians
in America in the 2012 election
fifty-four million evangelical students
out of the evangelical Christians
believers are staying home if we're
allowing our leaders to be elected by
non-believers is it any wonder we have a
federal government is assaulting life
and marriage
volatile over cause how's that working
out and how do you propose to fix it
let me start it is a disaster
it is a train track and we should repeal
everywhere
that washington doesn't want to do that
you know I wrote a couple of months
about all the time for truth where where
I talked about why the Washington cartel
career politicians in both parties to
get in bed with lobbyists and special
interests and grow and grow
pro-government washington does not want
to repeal Obamacare the only way to do
it is to make this election a referendum
on repealing Obamacare
do you think of the 1980 election I
often invoked the 1980 election I think
we are reliving history in powerful ways
can you imagine ronald reagan if he had
come in to this church in 1979 and he
has said dr. Graham we're gonna cut the
top marginal tax rate from seventy
percent to 28 percent we're gonna go
from stagnant economic growth to booming
growth millions lifted into prosperity
are hostages will be released from
around the day I'm sworn into office and
we need 10 years will win the cold war
and share the berlin wall of the graft
way with all dismissed him as a not
changed because under reasonable
assessment Washington was that possible
what reagan did in nineteen eighty is he
made it a referendum the reagan
revolution change the incentives in
Washington Twp that tax rate from 70 to
28% he did it with tip o'neill a
democrat as speaker of the house
and the reason is simple there's an old
joke that politics is hollywood for
other people
resemble that remark
but the way you get things done the way
you repeal Obamacare and pass
commonsense health care reform as you
change the incentives so that you come
out of November 2016 with a mandate from
the people that's what causes
Republicans and Democrats to say I am
standing in the way of that and that's
how we turn around
my regular person
there you go again
you know ronald reagan came to this city
I guess who was 1979 and he said to a
group of evangelicals James Robison was
there a part of gathering a group he
said look I know you can endorse me but
I can endorse you and we're so thankful
for your endorsement of values that you
hold yourself and the values that we
share so one final question is how does
your your personal faith strength in
your life where you get discouraged and
this fire this passion that you have
welcomed in my faith is is an integral
part of who I am you know often on the
trail I'll share my testimony and you
know for me my testimony begins actually
when I was a very young child with my
parents for those of you all that and
then no my dad now you didn't know him
when he was young man what I was two and
three years old my parents neither one
of them Christians they were living up
in countering and both of them drank too
much and when I was three my dad left us
a decided he didn't want to be married
anymore in one of his father to a
three-year-old son and I got on a plane
and flew down to Houston and he was
there a couple of months and a colleague
from the oil and gas business invited my
dad to a Bible study and it was at the
home of a local life insurance agent for
whatever reason my father went and he
described being struck by the piece he
saw that I will stay remember there was
one woman who talked about her son would
beat her to get money for drugs and yes
she had with scripture calls the peace
that passes I understand and my father
couldn't understand it it didn't make
sense Germany nearly didn't have any
really want and that night at the end of
the Bible study they said well what are
coming tomorrow night
a lot of questions why don't you come
tomorrow night you can talk with our
pastor came back the next night case
they three four five hours till late in
the night arguing my father was
convinced he was an atheist he was
convinced he knew this got stuff was all
gooey and he could disprove any went
through question after question after
question and at the end of the night he
said alright who's never heard of Jesus
and the pastor very wisely didn't take
the bait and he said I don't know about
them and to that but you've heard Jesus
what's your excuse
and and he fell to his knees he gave his
life to Jesus he went got in the car
drove to the airport by plane ticket and
flew back to Calgary today with my
mother and me so when people ask about
the role of faith I can tell you in my
life if it were not for the redemptive
love of Jesus Christ I I would have been
raised by single mom without my dad now
and I'll tell you just a raid and
incredible at Palazzo I i think an
impression when I was agent that same
church clay Road Baptist Church gallon
while it was the pastor let my dad to
the lord baptized me and a couple of
months ago on the campaign trail I was
intense see it so happened that kaelin
while he has retired Tennessee and he
came out to the rally and and I had not
seen him in in 35 years I was 10 years
old when I last saw it was a powerful I
i felt up to have the opportunity
opportunity just brother while and say
thank you if you had to share the gospel
with my dad my entire life and my
family's life would have been different
we know the rest of the story of how
your character has been formed how can
we pray for you and your family going
forward you know I'd say three things
peace and wisdom but then also
especially if you and pray for our girls
you know our girls here somewhere there
were here
Carolina
so they're seven and four they are the
joys of our life but I will tell you the
hardest part of this campaign is being
on the road being you know this this
week I've been in Dec Iowa Houston
California New Hampshire here and headed
to Austin San Antonio and back to Dec so
the girls drove up to be with us for a
couple of hours and two girls are 74 it
is hard on them and so that I will begin
prayers that they know they are loved
all of our heart and love by God as well
how'd you like the idea