tax reform and regulatory reform every
time we take the boot of government off
the back at the next of small businesses
the result is incredible economic growth
small businesses is where job growth
comes from two-thirds of all new jobs
come from small businesses you wanna
destroy jobs and opportunity do what
we've done the last seven years hammer
small businesses each and every day and
the people who are struggling struggling
on the flip side you want to unleash
incredible booming economic growth tax
reform and regulatory reform of the two
levers over and over again that work but
in the nineteen twenties under calvin
coolidge happened in the nineteen
sixties under JFK happened in the
nineteen eighties under ronald reagan
regulatory reform pulling the burden of
Washington office small business and the
most important regulatory reform is we
need to repeal every word of Obamacare
president we will repeal Obamacare and
we will pass commonsense health care
reform that makes health insurance
personal and portable and affordable and
keep the government from getting in
between us and our got his tax reform
the simplest and best tax reform is
waiting to pass a simple flat tax where
every American can fill out his or her
taxes on a postcard will wait do that we
should abolish the IRS
the second key to reignite the promise
of america is defending our
constitutional rights for seven years
we've had a president administration
that targets the constitutional rights
of the american people that violates our
rights let me say here and now the
Constitution and Bill of Rights are not
a rough draft they are not suggestions
they are not an inconvenience to be
ignored as sadly this president has been
of them rather is the president's
responsibility to take care that the
laws be faithfully execute when a
president and a federal government that
defends the Bill of Rights all of them
to defend the First Amendment free
speech and especially especially
especially religious liberty
you want to see just how far off the
rails we've gone you don't need to look
any further the Little Sisters of the
Poor Little Sisters of Charity of nuns
they've taken vows of poverty they spend
their lives caring for the poor elderly
right now the Obama administration is
litigating against the Little Sisters of
the Poor trying to impose millions of
dollars of fines on the sisters in order
to try to force the nuns to pay for
abortion-inducing drugs and others
yeah let me give you a very simple rule
of thumb if you're litigating against
you probably done so the wrong way this
works really well down the street pull
out the check list ok litigating against
nuns check do not do that we need to
defend the Second Amendment the right to
keep and bear arms
couple of weeks ago the of President
Obama announced yet more illegal
executive orders trying to undermine our
2nd Amendment right to keep and bear
arms
the very first thing I intend to do on
my first day in office his wrists and
every single illegal and
unconstitutional and also on that first
day and I intend to instruct the
Department of Justice and the IRS and
every other federal agency that the
persecution of religious liberty and
today we need to defend the fourth and
fifth amendment's our rights to privacy
how many of y'all hear your cell phones
let me ask you please leave your cell
phones on I wanna make sure President
Obama here as everywhere
calls it the one the fundamental
protection that says the powers not
given the federal government are
reserved to the states and to the people
that means they're certain
responsibilities the federal government
has given it needs to do the well
winning to defend this nation keep this
nation say rebuild our military lead to
secure the borders and and sanctuary
cities but there are a whole bunch of
other areas that the federal government
has no business sticking its nose and
chief among those is education and
waiting to repeal everyone on a
conference call
and then a 32 reigniting the promise of
america is winning to restore america's
leadership in the world for seven years
america's received from leadership in
the world and it has made the world a
much more dangerous place instead of a
president who boycotts prime minister
netanyahu imagine america standing
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel we will have a commander-in-chief
who says to the world we will defeat
radical islamic terrorists will have a
president willing to utter the words
and we will not weaken we will not
degrade we will utterly and completely
destroy you may be thinking can we do
this you know scripture tells us there's
nothing new under the Sun and where we
are today is very very much like the
late nineteen seventies like the Jimmy
Carter administration failed economic
policies same feckless and Chinese
foreign policy in fact the exact same
countries russia and around openly
laughing out of marking the president
United States now why is it that that
analogy gives me so much hope and
optimism because we remember how that
story and all across this country
millions of men and women rose up and
became the reagan revolution and it
didn't come from Washington Washington
despised groundbreaking began right here
in new hampshire with the men and women
live free or die state disregarding the
media disregarding the washington
establishment and standing together
behind ronald reagan and it changed the
course of history
the reason I'm so optimistic the same
thing is happening again people are
waking up it took Jenny car to get us
ronald reagan convinced the most long
lasting legacy of Barack Obama will be a
new generation of leaders in this
country and the republican party who
stand and fight for freedom who stand to
the constitution but if you dare
christian values that have made this
country great
and with that I'm happy to answer or
dodge the question you live
exactly what you feel is best prepared
to be you know everyone of us I suspect
it's frustrating because we keep getting
burned by politicians we keep having
politicians who talked of the game on
the trail but then they go to washington
and they don't do what they said they
would do they don't walk the walk
you know we were told in 2010 if only we
had a Republican House of
Representatives then things would be
different millions of US rose up we want
a republican house and nothing changed
we were told the problem was the senate
if only we had a republican senate if
only we were tired Harry Reid then
things would be different 2014 millions
of US rose up to do exactly that we want
a republican senate and very little we
can't get burned again the stakes are
too high in 2016 so how do we not get
burned again to suggest you the best
test applied to apply to listen to what
any of us don't listen to what I say
don't listen to any other candidate
since instead follow the biblical
teaching you shall know them by their
fruits of every candidate don't tell me
show me show me where you stood and
fought show me where you've walked the
walk so if you want a president who will
repeal Obamacare asked which candidate
has stood up and let the fight against
Obama if you want a president who'll
stop and who will secure the borders and
keep this country safe don't let the
door
campaign promises instead ask in 2013
when the democrats and the Republican
establishment we're pushing and that's
it and the steel plant whose student led
the fight with the american people to
defeat amnesty and a fight to secure the
boers if you want a president who will
defend the Bill of Rights will defend
the first of a man who will defend the
second amendment don't listen to our
promises listen everyone says they
support the second amendment Republican
primary including moderate and liberal
Republicans are used to favor gun
control even they say they will support
the second so don't listen to us instead
ask in the spring of 2013 when Barack
Obama and Harry Reid Chuck Schumer came
after the Second Amendment right to keep
and bear arms when they proposed
aggressive new gun control regulations
where were you just stand and fight it
you lead the fight to just stand with
the american people are you nowhere to
be found the reason why we had the
result we didn't get that completely
flabbergasted the media is the voters
are a lot smarter than the media gives
us credit and what we're seeing
happening is we're saying that old
reagan coalition coming together we're
seeing conservatives and evangelicals
and libertarians and reagan democrats
all coming together and the reason is
that we're looking for a consistent
conservative we're tired of being burned
and the reason that conservatives are
uniting behind our campaign is that I
have a proven record of standing and
fighting but the constitution for the
bill of rights for conservative
principles and the voters don't want to
listen to empty words they wanted Amanda
consistent conservative someone we can
trust
absolutely wonderful small business
owners have been happening in washington
washington is fundamentally corrupt the
reporters some regularity that they say
a lot of times cruise sounds like Bernie
Sanders in many ways I agree with
burning in diagnosing the problem the
problem I've said many times that they
justified we've got politically it's not
gonna crafts and republicans it's
between career politicians in Washington
in both parties and the american people
and what we see in washington is the
washington cartel is career politicians
getting in bed with the lobbyists and
special interests growing big business
growing the money to powerful influences
with with influence and power in the
administration and the people who are
losing the little guys the people who
are losing our the small business owners
the people who are losing the people who
are struggling to achieve the American
dream
now we're burning on differences
solution the solution to government
being fundamentally corrupt is to have a
whole lot more government does not
but I agree with the problem and so you
know you notice in this republican
primary that every candidate says
they'll stand up to Washington the
natural follow-up question to ask is OK
who who has stood up to washington when
did you take it on not just democrats
but leaders in your own party because
you know you do so you get pounded by
democrats you get pounded by republicans
get pounded by the media if you are now
who will take on washington then you
should ask the simple question who is
washington attacking right now and the
commitment that obvious to you is that I
don't work for the party bosses in
Washington I don't work for the obvious
I don't work for the washington
establishment I don't work right now for
twenty seven million Texans and if
elected president my job I'm here to job
interview I'm asking to work for you and
the commitment on get to you is that I
will fight every day for you or your
freedom for your right to run a small
business for your economic growth and
for keeping government the heck off your
back so the campus and have a better
view
absolutely yes yes ma'am
thank you very much for that question
and right before the race Sean Hannity
did as well and and and and Sean pointed
out he said he said he really had no
choice to endorse me because he said
every day for two weeks
mark called him and said she knows
what's wrong with you don't get the
concept would leave me alone
the question you know this supreme court
we have a red radical an activist
Supreme Court right now but is out of
control this supreme court is we are one
justice away from a five justice left
wing radical majority the likes of which
this country is never see details some
of the consequences of what they find
justice majority would be so therefore I
was in the center was the solicitor
general in Texas which is the chief
lawyer for the state in front of the USS
Supreme Court held that post for five
and a half years it's an executive post
and during that time we'd led fighting
for conservative principles nationwide
over and over and over again and won
over and over and over so for example we
defended the Ten Commandments monument
stands on the state capitol grounds been
there since 1961 we went to the supreme
court and we won 54 upholding that
monument we are one justice away from
the supreme court ordering the Ten
Commandments torn down in state capitals
and courthouses all over the world
saying you cannot acknowledge God in the
public square
when I was solicitor-general we led a
coalition of thirty-one states before
the USS supreme court defending the
Second Amendment right to keep and bear
arms and we 154 we are one justice away
from a decision let me take the position
of the dissenters in that decision it
was not that some gun control laws or
are permissible position of the
dissenters was much more radical than
that the dissenters four justices said
the Second Amendment does not protect
any individual right whatsoever it is
only what's called a quote collective
right of the militia which is fancy
lawyers are nonexistent right we are one
justice away from the Supreme Court
concluding that no individual in this
room has any right at all of the second
amendment that the federal government
could make it a criminal offense for any
of us to possess a firearm and we would
have no right under the Constitution a
challenge that law justice away from
them if hillary Clinton has elected
president the second amendment will be
erased from the constitution if we elect
a feckless republicans who is not
willing to put principled conservative
jurist on the core we could rest the
second amendment being erased and I
won't mention one other case the biggest
case of my 10 years Solicitor General
was a case called million versus Texas
many began with horrific crime in
Houston where two teenage girls were
horribly assaulted and murdered by gang
one of those gang members Jose Ernesto
that he was an illegal alien to come
from Mexico when he was three and the
case took a very strange turn because
the world court which is the judicial
arm of the united nations issued an
order to the United States to reopen the
convictions of 51 murders including that
we went to the UE Supreme Court and
thought the world court in the united
nations I argue this case twice in front
of the Supreme Court on the other side
we had ninety foreign nations we had two
world court where the united nations and
we had to present the United States and
I'm sorry to tell you the president was
not Barack Obama it was George W Bush in
2005 George W Bush signed a
two-paragraph order that reported to
order the state courts to evade the
world court now tell you I had an
interesting conversation my boss at the
time was Greg Abbott the attorney
general is now the governor of Texas we
sat down and had a conversation it was
an unusual position for Texas to the
arguing against the president the United
States before the Supreme Court
particularly when the president was a
Texan was a Republican was the former
governor of our state it was a friend I
am proud to tell you that I went before
the supreme court and argued that the
world court and united nations have no
jurisdiction whatsoever over the United
States of America
President of the United States
Republican or Democrat has the
constitutional authority to undermine
USC won before the Supreme Court the
Supreme Court struck down the world
court's order struck down the
president's order but we are one justice
away from the Supreme Court concluding
that our sovereignty can be given away
to the United Nations that's what the
stakes are and the sad reality is when
it comes to Supreme Court nominees
democrats
everyone votes left wing need almost
every single time Republicans by about
500 we've been a disaster there's a
reason for that there's actually it's
not that we're bad it's that the people
we elect don't care about so the
judgment they make is if you nominate a
principled conservative Democrats can
actually care about this is they will
fight tooth and nail so what happens is
republicans say let me find a stealth
can't let me find someone who has no
paper trail who's never said or done
anything to prove their conservative by
the way if you've lived fifty years of
your life and you never said or done
anything to prove your conservative
by some miracle you might be maybe the
Supreme Court of the United States is
not the best place to find out what
happens is president's decide that you
want to spend the political capital I
don't have a fight with congress on
conserving on on nominating someone who
has a proven record as a conservative
jurist so I'll take the easy route my
favorite just as I would say it's a
three-way tie between Antonin Scalia
Clarence Thomas at my former boss who I
clerk for chief justice william
rehnquist all of whom have been
principled conservative jurists and I'll
tell you one of the biggest and most
important differences I think between me
and the other people running is that I
have spent my entire adult life fighting
judicial activism fighting to defend the
Constitution fighting to defend the Bill
of Rights and unlike other candidates
running other Republicans who I think
won't be willing to spend the political
capital get this right I give you my
solemn word every justice that I put on
the court will be a principal
constitutionalist who will be faithful
to the law and who will not legislate
from the bench
enormous commitment of time and energy
and love and it is a great affirmation
every day of just how much your parents
love you that they will spend their time
raising you and teaching you and sharing
their values with you listen I have been
a passionate defender of homeschoolers
for decades I think it is a fundamental
right of every parent to educate your
child to teach your values your face the
state has no business getting in between
you and your child and one of the keys
to that is we should abolish the Federal
Department of Education money send it
back to the states and the reason is
education is too important it is the key
to opportunity it is the key to getting
to the American Dream and I think the
people of new hampshire know much better
what should be done with the children
who Hampshire then do some bureaucrats
in the bowels of the department of
education at the state level or even
better
question yes sir thank you for your
service to choose his or her doctor
bill the Navy and the Air Force in the
Army and Marines were gonna rebuild our
ship level airplanes level we're gonna
increase our readiness you know morale
right now is so unbelievably low and
it's because we've got a
commander-in-chief it doesn't believe in
our fighting men and women that doesn't
have their back that send them into
combat with rules of engagement where
both arms are tied behind their back I
think that is grotesque I think it is
immoral it when we have to use military
force we should use overwhelming power
kill the enemy and get the heck out of
here to every active duty military
member here to every mom or dad or
husband or wife or son or daughter of
someone who is serving always wondered
are they gonna come home I give you my
word in January 2017 we will have a
commander-in-chief who will stand by the
fighting men and women of this country
they're back
that the stakes have never been higher
than it's now or never that we are at
the edge of a cliff and if we keep going
this same direction and other for eight
more years we risk doing irreparable
damage to the greatest country in the
history of the world if you agree with
me on there then I asked you to do three
things number one join us commit right
now and come out on February 9 to vote
in the New Hampshire Republican primary
vote with us if we stand together we
will win number to bring others others
commit right now to pick up the phone
call your mom such a good idea to call
your mom anyway call your sister or your
son or your next door neighbor your say
this election matters matters for me it
matters for my future it matters for my
kids and grandkids I want to ask
everyone here to vote for me ten times
democrats not suggesting voter fraud but
if everyone here gets nine other people
to show up and vote in the primary you
love voted ten times you know what if
you're not old enough yet developed you
get people to show up and vote in the
primary
voted ten times before you turn 18
that's how we win we unite the old
reagan coalition we can together as one
and the third thing I wanna ask each of
you is that you pray that you commit
each and every day from that election
day to lift this country spent just a
minute today saying father got please
continue this awakening continue the
spirit of revival all this country back
from the abyss we are here today
standing on the promises of second
chronicles 7:14
my people which are called by my name
shall humble themselves and pray and
seek my face and turn from their wicked
ways then I will hear their prayers from
heaven and will forgive their sins and I
will heal their land
that our friends in the mainstream media
will never share with you in January
1981 when ronald reagan took the oath of
office is left hand was resting on 2nd
chronicles 7:14 the very real and
concrete manifestation of that promise
from the Word of God we have seen these
challenges before we have faced the
Episcopal and the american people came
together pulled this country back we had
done it before and if the people of new
hampshire stand together as one we can
do it again and we can bring that lacks
fast