mister president there's a reason
the american people are fed up with
washington there is a reason the
American people are frustrated the
frustration is not simply milder passing
ephemera it is volcanic over and over
again the American people go to the
ballot box over and over again the
American people rise up and say the
direction we're going doesn't make sense
we want change over and over again the
American people win elections in 2010 a
tidal wave election in 2014 a tidal wave
election and yet nothing changes in
washington mister president I'd like to
share with you and the american people
the real story of what is happening in
washington why is it that our leaders
cannot stop bankrupting this country
cannot stop the assault on our
constitutional rights cannot stop
america's retreat from leadership in the
world the very simple dynamic when you
have two sides allegedly in a political
battle one side that is relentlessly
unshakable e committed to its principles
and the other side that reflexively
surrenders at the outset the outcome is
for day I will give President Obama in
the Senate Democrats credit they believe
in principles of big government they
believe in this relentless assault on
our constitutional right and they are
willing to crawl over broken glass with
a night between their teeth to fight for
those those principles unfortunately
leadership on my side of the aisle does
not demonstrate the same commitment to
principle now how is it you might wonder
that a preemptive surrenders put in
place
well it all begins with a relatively
innocuous statement
there shall be no shutdown that is a
statement leadership in both houses
republican leadership in both houses
said we're not gonna shut the government
down and you know you can understand the
folks in the private sector folks at
home that sounds perfectly reasonable
except here's the reality in washington
and today's washington there are three
kinds of those there are number one show
bones boats that are brought up largely
to placate the voters where the outcome
is for our day when most republicans
will vote one way most democrats will
though the other Republicans will lose
and the conservatives who elected
Republican majorities in both houses are
supposed to be thrilled that they've
been patted on the head and given their
show vote that was destined to lose we
had a vote like that in recent weeks and
weeks on Planned Parenthood leadership
told us you should be thrilled we voted
on it what else do you want we voted on
in a context where it would never happen
and indeed it didn't the second kind of
vote our votes that simply grow
government that dramatically expand
spending expand corporate welfare and
those votes mister president those votes
pass because you get a bipartisan
coalition of republican leadership and
democrat both of whom are convinced that
career politicians will get re-elected
if they keep growing and growing
government in particular handing out
corporate welfare two giant corporations
oh boy if you've got the lobbyists and
pastry pushing for something you can get
60 70 80 votes in this chamber his
republican leadership loves it and
democrats are always willing to grow
government and then there's a third kind
of a vote on must-pass legislation in an
era
when one side the Democratic Party is
adamantly committed to continuing down
this path is causing so many millions of
Americans to her must pass votes are the
only votes that have real consequences
this chamber they typically fall into
one of three categories either
continuing resolution or an omnibus
appropriation bill or a debt ceiling
increase each of those three are deemed
must pass votes and if you actually want
to change law those are the only hopes
of doing so but I mentioned before
you've got one side that has
preemptively surrendered republican
leadership has said we will never ever
ever shut down the government and
suddenly President Obama understand the
easy key to winning every battle he
simply has to utter the word shut down
and Republican leadership runs to the
hills so President Obama demands of
Congress find every bit of Obamacare
100% of it and do nothing zero for the
millions of Americans who are hurting
millions of Americans have lost their
jobs lost their health care of lost
their doctors who've been forced into
part-time or millions of young people
who've seen their premiums skyrocket
President Obama says you can do nothing
for the people that are hurting Senate
Democrats say we don't care about the
people who are hurting will do nothing
for them and here's the kicker President
Obama promises if you try to do anything
on Obamacare i Barack Obama will veto
funding for the entire federal
government and shut it down and
Republican leadership compliant Lee says
okay fine we'll fund about President
Obama's an understanding he's got a
pretty good
trump card here he can pull out any time
so next he says OK republicans fund my
unconstitutional executive amnesty is
contrary to law it's flouting federal
immigration law but you republicans
funded anyway or else i Barack Obama
will veto funding for the entire
our federal government shutdown and
Republican leadership says at the outset
ok we'll find that most are now you turn
to Planned Parenthood over Barack Obama
this will surprise no one says fund 100%
of Planned Parenthood with taxpayer
money mind you planned parenthood's a
private organization is not even part of
the government but it happens to be
politically favored by President Obama
and the Democrats planned parenthood is
also the subject to multiple criminal
investigations for being caught on tape
apparently carrying out a pattern of
ongoing felonies in ordinary times the
proposition that we should not be
sending your advice federal taxpayer
money to fund a private organization
under multiple criminal investigations
that ought to be a one hundred and
nothing vote but I mentioned before
Barack Obama is absolutely committed to
his partisan objectives he is like the
Terminator he never stops he never gives
up he moves forward and forward and
forward so what does he say if you don't
find this one private organization
that's not part of the government that's
under multiple criminal investigations i
Barack Obama will veto funding for the
entire federal government and shut it
down and what is republican leadership's
a little surprised no one republican
leadership says we surrender we will
fund Planned Parenthood president Obama
has negotiated a catastrophic nuclear
deal with iran republican leadership
does on television all the time and
rightly says this is a catastrophic deal
the consequences are that it's the
single greatest national security threat
to America millions of Americans could
die
mr President I would suggest if we
actually believed the words that are
coming out of our mouths then we would
be willing to use any and all
constitutional authorities get into
Congress to stop a catastrophic deal
that sends over 100 billion dollars to
the ayatollah khamenei but yet President
Obama says he'll veto the entire budget
if we do and to the surprise of nobody
republican leadership surrenders you
know I'll draw an analogy mister
president it is if at a football game
the beginning at a football game the two
team captains go out to flip the coin
and one team's coach walks out and says
we forfeit and they do it
game after game after game right of the
coin flip leadership says we forfeit we
surrender we republicans will find every
single big-government liberal liberal
priority the democrats now if the team
did that if an NFL team did that over 16
games they would know what their record
with it would be a 160 and you know I'd
be pretty sure that the fans who bought
tickets who went to the game would be
pretty ticked off as they watch their
coach forfeit over and over and over and
over again
you want to understand the volcanic
frustration with Washington it's that
republican leadership in both houses
will not fight for a single priority
that we promised the voters we would
fight for when we were campaigning less
than a year ago
you know this past week was a big
newsweek in washington Speaker of the
House John Boehner announced he was
going to resign there was lots of
speculation in the media as to why the
Speaker of the House resigned as
president tell you why you reside
it's actually a direct manifestation of
this disconnect between the voters back
home and republican leaders
Speaker Boehner and later McConnell had
promised there will be no shutdown so
therefore they will fund every single
priority of Barack Obama's we are right
now voting on what's called a clean see
are now I will note it is clean only in
the parlance of Washington because what
does it do it funds 100% of Obamacare
100% of executive amnesty it funds all
of Planned Parenthood
funds the Iranian nuclear deal it is
essentially a blank check to Barack
Obama that's not very clean to me that
actually sounds like a very dirty
funding bill funding priorities that are
doing enormous damage now in the senate
the votes were always there for a dirty
CRA CRA that funded all about Obama's
priorities are democrats a little vote
for tech course they will they've got
the other side funding their priorities
of course every democrat will vote for
that over and over and over again and
twice on Sunday and the simple reality
on the republican side as when
leadership joins with the democrats
about half of the republican caucus is
happy to move over to that side of the
aisle so the votes were always
preordained now the motion I may just a
moment ago was a motion to table the
treaty member filling the tree something
we heard about a lot in the previous
Congress Harry Reid the Democratic
leader did it all the time
senators on this side of the aisle stood
up over and over again instead of using
process likely even campaigned our
leadership saying we're gonna have an
open amendment process and yet what's
happened here
majority leader McConnell has taken a
page out of leader reads label and
filled the tree I moved to table the
tree and what you then saw was
leadership denying a second and what is
denying a second
denying a recorded vote why is that
important as president when you are
breaking the commitments made to the men
and women who elected you most painful
thing in the world is accountability
when you are misleading the men and
women who showed up to vote for you you
don't want sunshine make it clear that
you voted no
a recorded vote means each senator's
name is on it now why did I moved the
table but recently to add the amendment
that I attended which would have number
one said not one penny goes to Planned
Parenthood and number two not one penny
goes to implementing this catastrophic
Iranian nuclear deal unless and until
they comply with federal law the
administration complies with federal law
and hands over the full deal including
the side agreements with a friend what
you saw was republican leadership
desperately does not want a vote on that
mr President I intend tomorrow to make
that motion again and when I make that
motion again I would encourage those
watching to see which senators are here
to give a second or not and devote yay
or nay I would note by the way when you
deny a second which is truly an
unprecedented procedural trick it used
to be that was a courtesy that was
afforded to all senators indeed in the
opposing party routinely over and over
again when a democrat or republican ask
for a second
everyone raises their hand what
leadership is discovered we can do this
in the dark night but I would encourage
those watching to see number one when
this motion is offered again who shows
up to offer a second and who either
doesn't raises hand or just doesn't come
to the floor one of the ways you avoid
accountability is your somehow somewhere
else doing something really really
important instead of actually showing up
to the battle that is raging right here
and now but I would also encourage
people to watch very carefully what
happens after that after that you have a
voice vote
still a vote let's be clear standing
here on the floor there were two
senators senator Lee and I voted up to
voted to table to table the tree and
take up the amendment barring funding
for Planned Parenthood and barring
funding for this catastrophic Iranian
nuclear do the remaining senators on the
republican side yard leader McConnell
you had whipped corning
senator Alexander you senator talk those
four senators voted loudly know it's
still a vote even though it's not
recorded though to vote on the Senate
floor so why did Speaker Boehner resign
I mentioned to you that the votes were
always cooked here the democrats +
republican leadership in the votes that
they bring with them
ensure plenty of votes for a dirty CRC
are in the funds Obamacare the funds
amnesty the fund Planned Parenthood that
funds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear
deal but the house was always the
bulwark mister president you'll remember
in 2013 we had a fight over Obamacare he
was serving in the house the time and
that fight we never had the votes in the
Senate actually this and it was under
control of the democrats they were going
to do anything they could defend
Obamacare regardless of millions of
people hurting but the house was the
bulwark in that fight any particular
there was a score of 40 or 50 strong
principled conservatives who care deeply
about honoring the commitments they made
to the men and women elected that that
was always the strength we had that
fight you know it's been interesting
reading some of the
press coverage speculating that there
would be some magic parliamentary trick
that would somehow stop this corrupt
deal while in the Senate there are no
magic parliamentary tricks when you have
the democrats + republican leadership in
a chunk of the republicans those votes
can roll over any parliamentary trick
you might use even with the Blood Moon
we just had there are no mystical powers
that allow you to roll over that but in
the house we still got that 30 40 50
strong conservatives so how is it that
Speaker Boehner and leader McConnell
could promise there will never ever ever
be shut down because I believe Speaker
Boehner has decided to cut a deal with
Leader Nancy Pelosi the leader of the
democrats that this juror TCR that can
be passed out of the Senate gonna go to
the house and the speakers gonna take it
up on the floor
passed it with all the democrats just
like leader McConnell just hit and a
handful of Republicans who will go with
republican leadership a very significant
percentage of republicans will vote no
but here's the problem
Speaker Boehner done that or the ones
and in this instance there were too many
republicans who were tired of seeing
their leadership leave the democrats
rather than lead the republican party I
believe a speaker that Boehner had done
that had passed a dirty see our funding
Planned Parenthood funding this Iranian
nuclear deal that he would have lost a
speakership a member of the house had
introduced a motion to vacate the chair
that house republicans were fed up with
their leader not leading at least not
leading their party leading the
democratic party to Speaker Boehner
faced
a conundrum if he does what he and later
McConnell promised which is funded all
of Barack Obama's priorities he would
have lost his job and so what did he do
he announced that he is resigning as
speaker and resigning as a member of
congress that is unsurprising but it
also Telegraph's the deal that he's just
cut it a deal to surrender and join with
the democrats notice he said he's gonna
stay a month he's going to stay a month
in order to join with the democrats and
fund Barack Obama's priorities now let's
talk about some of the substantive
issues that we ought to be talking about
let's start with planned parenthood
past couple of months a series of videos
have come out about Planned Parenthood
now to some of the people watching this
you may never seen the videos why is
that caused the mainstream media has
engaged in a virtual media blackout on
the ABC NBC CBS last thing they want to
do is show these videos you watch Fox
News you can see the videos but the
mainstream media in the great tradition
a problem
wants to make sure the citizenry doesn't
see what's in these videos I would
encourage every American Republican or
Democrat regardless of where you fall on
the right to life even if in fact
especially if you consider yourself
pro-choice just watch these videos go
online and watch them and ask yourself
are these my values is this what I
believe these videos show senior
officials from Planned Parenthood
lasting sipping Chardonnay and callously
harmlessly selling the body parts of
unborn children over and over and over
again one senior officials caught on
video
laughing and saying she hopes she sells
enough body parts of unborn children to
buy herself a Lamborghini again I would
suggest just ask yourself for these my
values and another video a lab tech
describes a little baby boy
unborn board in about two pounds his
heart still beating she was instructed
to insert the scissors under his chin to
cut open the face of this little boy and
harvest his brain because the brain was
valuable Planned Parenthood sell the
brain
this is something that a brave new world
this is human beings that little boy at
heart was still beating had a brain that
was being harvest and he had a salt
given him by God Almighty he was made in
the image of God and we are now a nation
that harvest the body parts of little
baby boys and girls
is the very definition of inhumanity to
treat children like agriculture to the
ground and killed for their body parts
to be sold for product now there is a
reason that the media the democrats
don't want these videos shown does
anyone watching these videos will be
hard-fought but they're not just
terrific they're also promised facie
evidence of criminal activity there are
multiple federal statues criminal
statutes that Planned Parenthood appears
to be violating perhaps on a daily basis
the first and most direct is a
prohibition on selling the body parts of
unborn children for profit
federal criminal law makes it a felony
with up to 10 years in jail time now
these videos show very clearly selling
body parts they also show them bartering
overpriced now argue it wasn't for a
profit but you watch these videos you
watch the undercover buyers saying how
much will you give me for them
you see the Planned Parenthood officials
say how much can I get I don't wanna
bargain against myself on its face
that's evidence of bargaining for a
product you want the highest price you
can get it's not tied your costs tied to
whatever dollars whatever revenue you
can bring in and planned parenthood is
the largest abortion provider in this
country as another one of these videos
reflects it is a Lolium business Planned
Parenthood taking the lives of unborn
children and then selling them
apparently for-profit it is also a
federal criminal offence to alter the
means of an abortion for the purpose of
harvesting the organs of the unborn
child that's a separate
offense on video after video you see
Planned Parenthood officials say ok what
part would you like we can perform a
different abortion depending on what
part you want us to harvest on the
videos they essentially admit to this
crime they are filmed in the end there's
the third criminal offense that provides
you cannot harvest the organs of an
unborn child without informed consent
from the money and yet again these video
seemed to indicate that Planned
Parenthood treats informed consent as a
technicality that is sometimes complied
with and sometimes ignored now I will
say mister president as an aside
ordinarily when a national organization
is caught on film committing a pattern
of felonies the next steps are
predictable the Department of Justice
opened an investigation the FBI shows up
and seizes their records
everything on those video suggests those
felonies are still occurring today what
does it say about the Obama Justice
Department that no one on the face of
the planet believe there's any chance
the justice department would even begin
to investigate what does it say about
the most lawless partisan Department of
Justice that you've got this group A
it's a political ally the president so
that's apparently all that matters if
it's an ally of the president it doesn't
matter that their videotape committing
felonies Department of Justice will not
even look at it you know I'm an alumnus
of the US Department of Justice I was an
associate deputy attorney general I
spent much of my adult life working in
law enforcement Department of Justice
has a long distinguished record of
remaining outside of partisan politics
of staying above the partisan fray of
being blind to party or ideology and
simply enforcing the law and the
constitution I'm sorry to say under Eric
Holder and Loretta Lynch the Department
of Justice is completely besmirched that
tradition no one remotely believes that
the Obama Justice Department will even
begin to investigate this pattern of
felonies you don't see democrats
suggesting no one in the media suggest
and by the way
if this were a republican administration
and the entity but admitted to a pattern
of feelings was a private entity that
supported republicans you would see on
CBS NBC ABC an indictment clock every
night he would see the anchors saying
when will this investigation open when
will they be indicted instead the media
attends these videos don't exist
in the face of what appears to be a
national criminal enterprise we're faced
with a much simpler question will we
continue to pay for it
will we continue to pay for it with your
own my tax dollars will we sent five
hundred million dollars a year to a
private organization to use to fund this
ongoing criminal organization
and what's the position of the democrats
hear no evil see no evil they do not
care what democrats do you see calling
for the enforcement criminal laws
against Planned Parenthood what
democrats do you see saying at a minimum
let's not spend taxpayer money to fund
this not one not a single democrat stood
up and said that let me ask you mister
president what happens if Planned
Parenthood gets indicted because even
though the us- Department of Justice
under president Obama has become little
more than a partisan arm of the
democratic national committee there are
state local prosecutors are
investigating Planned Parenthood right
now if Planned Parenthood has indicted
to the democrats maintain their wall of
silence say we're going to continue to
fund them under indictment by all
indications yes you haven't heard a
single democrats say well if they're
indicted then we'll stop
the response mister president from our
leadership is we can't win this fight
that's the response they say well we
can't win the Planned Parenthood fight
why cuz we don't have sixty votes
because we don't have 67 those mister
president if that's the standard than
republican leadership standard is we
will only do whatever Harry Reid Nancy
Pelosi print that's what it means you
don't understand why the american people
are frustrated we were told if only we
had a Republican House of
Representatives and things would be
different
2010 millions of US rose up incredible
numbers and one in historic title win
election mister president you were a
youth pastor called the ministry and yet
you stood up and said my countries in
crisis I'm gonna stand forward answer
the 2010 election was historic and yet
very little changed then we were told ok
we've got a House of Representatives but
the problem is the senate as long as
Harry Reid as majority leader we can't
do anything over and over again
Washington graybeards would go on
television and in gravely tones they
would say you cannot govern with
one-half of one-third of government the
house of representatives is not enough
but if we had the senate then things
would be different the problem is Harry
Reid mister president you recall during
the fight over Obamacare a number of
members of this body Republican said no
no no no no we can't fight on Obamacare
we have to wait until we have a
republican senate to fight
to the american people obliged in 2014
millions of US rose up the second tidal
wave election in a period of four years
we 19 Senate sees we retired Harry Reid
as majority leader who won the largest
majority in the House of Representatives
since the nineteen twenties it's been
now for nine months since we've had
republican majorities in both houses and
I ask you mister president what exactly
have those republican majorities
accomplished now taking this present
i've asked that question all over the
country and townhomes I've never been in
a town hall where the response
spontaneously was not absolutely nothing
that's true in every state of visitors
and sadly my response over and over
again as you know it's worse than that I
wish the answer absolutely nothing it
would have been better if the republican
majority said done absolutely nothing
because what in fact that they've done
the very first thing that happened right
after that election in November we came
back to washington republican leadership
joined up with Harry Reid the democrats
and passed a trillion dollar chrome to
the spill it was filled with poor
corporate welfare group government grew
the debt then republican leadership took
the lead in funding Obama than
Republican leadership took the lead in
funding executive and then republican
leadership took the lead in funding
Planned Parenthood and then
astonishingly republican leadership took
the lead and current confirming Loretta
Lynch as attorney general mister
president which one of those decisions
is one iota different from what would
have happened with Harry Reid the
Democrats in charge of this change those
decisions are identical and I would note
by the way with Loretta Lynch the
republican majority could have defeated
that nomination
the senate Majority Leader could have
done so and yet she looked at the Senate
Judiciary Committee she looked at the
senate when asked how she would differ
from Eric Holder's Justice Department
the most lawless and partisan Justice
Department ever seen she said no way
whatsoever when asked to point to a
single instance in which he'd be willing
to stand up to President Obama to stop
his lawlessness to stop his abuse of
power
she could not identify any circumstance
in which she would ever stand up to the
president who appointed her attorneys
general from both parties have done that
for centuries now with Eric Holder said
it could be forgiven because his
lawlessness manifested primarily after
he was confirmed with the red line she
told us beforehand she looked as in the
eyes and say hey I'm gonna do exactly
what my predecessors and Republican
leadership confirmed or anyone is it any
wonder the american people are
frustrated undermines we keep winning
elections and the people we put in
office
don't do what they said they would do
now some people across the country ask
me is republican leadership just not
very capable not that companies are they
are unwilling to fight the president's
neither are actually quite competent and
they're willing to fight the question is
what they're fighting for
there's a disconnect right now the or I
go to our home state will go to any
gathering of services we put up a white
four and we ask the citizens the room
give me the top priorities you think
republican majorities in Congress should
be focusing we wrote twenty priorities
that came from the citizens of oklahoma
the citizens of Texas or for that matter
the citizens of any of the 50 states
those top 20 priorities at least
eighteen of them would appear nowhere on
leadership priority list on the other
hand
if you drive just down the street in
washington to K Street K Street is a
street in washington where the lobbyists
primarily resigned whether officers are
if you get a gathering of corporate
lobbyists that represent giant
corporations and you ask them their top
priority since the list that comes out
or not just bear passing similarity it
will be identical to the priorities are
republican leadership that's the
disconnect you know why we're not here
fighting on this because not getting
taxpayer money to Planned Parenthood is
not among the priorities of the
lobbyists on K Street
leadership is not interested in doing
that's the disconnect leadership doesn't
know how to fight just a couple of
months ago dealing with the export
import bank we saw leadership in both
chambers done extraordinary lengths
herculean procedural step to try to
reauthorize a classic example of
corporate welfare hundreds of billions
of dollars of taxpayer guaranteed loans
the giant corporations now for that
leadership is incentivized
those corporations hire lobbyists and
those lobbyists distribute checks
typically by the wheelbarrow and there
is no incentive greater in this body
than getting reelected in the view of
leadership is you get re-elected by
raking in the cash and you think we've
gotten 18 trillion dollar national debt
as the way you reach bipartisan
compromise in this body today in the
broken world of washington did you grow
and grow and grow government you sit
around and roomies sale spent for your
product prior to your prior to your
prior to your prior
another trillion dollars and we're not
the only people that loser your children
in mind the only people that loser the
next generations who find themselves
mired deeper and deeper and deeper in
debt I think my little girls Carolina
Catherine 474 little stop what we're
doing your children in my children will
face a depth so crushing they won't be
able to spend in the future for the
priorities of the future for their needs
for their wants for whatever crises come
up with the next generation confronts
they'll spend their whole lives simply
working to pay off the debts racked up
by their deadly parents and grandparents
generation in history has ever done this
to their children and grandchildren are
parents didn't do it to us
their parents didn't do it to them the
reason is the corruption of this town
and it boils down to a simple
proposition the democrats are willing to
do anything to push their priorities and
the republicans the leadership is not
listening to the men and women who
elected us but it's actually an even
deeper problem that on the democratic
side the major donors that fund the
Democratic Party they don't despise
their base the billionaires who write
the giant cheques that fund President
Obama and Hillary Clinton and the
democrats on that side of the aisle they
don't despise the radical gay rights
movement of the radical environmentalist
movement all the people that knock on
doors and get Democrats elect the simple
reality is a very large percentage of
the Republican donors actively despise
our base actively despise the men and
women who showed up and voted you and me
and all I can tell you when you sit down
and talk with a New York billionaire
Republican donor and I have talked with
quite a few New York billionaire
Republican donor California Republican
donors their questions start out as
follows first of all you gotta come out
for gay marriage you need to be
pro-choice and you need to support
analyst that's where the Republican
donors are you wanna what you wonder why
Republicans won't fight on any of these
issues as the people writing the checks
agree with the democrats now mind you
the people who show up at the polls who
elected you and me and elected this
republican majority far too many of the
Republican donors look down on those
voters as a bunch of ignorant hits in
rooms while leadership like showboat you
know it wasn't too long ago when the
Washington cartel was able to basketball
with a showboat or two and they tell the
rooms back home see we voted on it we
just don't have the votes
you know when I was first elected to
this body many times I heard more senior
senators saying some variation of the
following now ted that's what you tell
folks back home you don't actually do it
here's what's changed the course of
gotten more informed I now understand
the difference between show votes in a
real don't understand the vote we had a
week ago on Planned Parenthood was
designed to lose to placate those silly
folks think we shouldn't be sending
taxpayer funds to a criminal
organization that is selling the body
parts of unborn children but on the
actual vote that could change policy
leadership has no interest in fighting
whatsoever
you know the past couple of weeks one of
my colleagues sent me a letter that
really embodied the leadership message
this letter said explain to me how you
get sixty seven votes to defund Planned
Parenthood you can't produce $67 I won't
support it
mister president if that is our standard
then we should all be honest with the
men and women who elected us we do not
have 67 republican votes in this chamber
and there's no realistic prospect of are
getting 67 votes
anytime in the foreseeable future if the
standard is unless you get sixty seven
votes Republican leadership will support
mill policy issues in each of us only
run to tell the voters to vote for me I
will support whatever policy agenda
Harry Reid Nancy Pelosi decide because
that's my standard if i dont have 67
votes
deal ever recall Harry Reid the
democrats saying how can we get
republican votes
their side is absolutely committed to
their principles you don't see them
holding back at all if the standard is
how do we get 67 votes
name one thing that leadership will
fight for well the answer I mentioned
the three types of those they'll fight
for big government will fight to grow
government the fight to expand corporate
welfare well that can indeed get 67
votes but I've never been to a town home
once where citizens said to me the
problem is we don't have enough
corporate welfare I need more subsidies
for big business if a hundred percent of
the agendas republican leadership is
more subsidies for big business what the
heck are you and i doing in the senate
in the first place
that's certainly one why I ran out when
will you ran either
you don't have to win every fight you
don't have to fight everything you do
have to stand for something
and let's look beyond Planned Parenthood
for a minute let's look to around all of
the decisions that the Obama
administration has made there maybe none
more damaging than this catastrophic
Iranian nuclear deal if this deal goes
through there will be three consequences
number one the Obama administration will
become quite literally the world's
leading financier of radical islamic
terrorists now when I said that a couple
of months ago President Obama got very
very upset he said it was ridiculous
that I would say such a thing but
despite attacking me directly
President Obama didn't actually endeavor
to refute the substance of what I said
so let's review the facts back number
one erroneous today the world's leading
state sponsor of terrorism that fact is
understood even by this administration
if this deal goes through over 100
billion dollars will go directly to a
ran to the ayatollah khamenei in fact
number three if that happens
billions of those dollars will go to
Hamas and Hezbollah to the routines to
radical islamic terrorists across the
globe will use those billions to murder
americans to murder israelis and
murdering europeans
presidents worth remembering fourteen
years ago this month
horrific terrorist attack that was
carried out on September 11 Osama bin
Laden hated America but he never had
billions of dollars you never had a
hundred billion dollars the ayatollah
khamenei hates America every bit as much
as Osama bin Laden it and this
administration is giving him control of
over 100 billion dollars imagine what
bin Laden could have done
look at the damage he did with 19
terrorists carrying box cutters now
imagine that same Delatorre with
billions of dollars behind it the
consequences of this deal could easily
be another terrorist attack that dwarfs
September 11th and scale that kills far
more than the roughly 3,000 lives that
were snuffed out
who in their right mind would send over
100 billion dollars to a theocratic
zealot who chanted death to America a
second consequence of this catastrophic
deal is that we're abandoning for
hostages four American hostages in
iranian jails pastor Saeed Abedini an
American citizen his wife now may lives
in idaho I visited with now many times
faster site has two little kids
desperately want their daddy was
sentenced to eight years in prison for
the crime of preaching the gospel just
last week was a three year anniversary
of pastor Saeed imprisonment reports are
that he's being horribly mistreated that
his health is failing and yet President
Obama cannot bring himself to utter the
words pastor Saeed Abedini hundred
billion dollars to the Ayatollah
Khomeini and pastor Saeed Abedini
remains in prison
also in prison is Amir Hekmati an
american marine president has a banded
also in prison is Jason resident a
washington post reporter I know to the
reporters in the gallery a colleague
viewers abandoned by President Obama in
an Iranian prison thrown in jail for
doing his job reporting on the news and
Robert Levinson his whereabouts remain
unknown why does the president refused
even to honor their names
third consequence of this deal is this
deal will only accelerate Iran's
acquiring nuclear weapons now the
administration claims that the deal will
prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear
weapons why because they promised not to
do it we have learned from a rare they
break their promises over and over and
over again and what we do now is that
they'll have an extra hundred billion
dollars to develop nuclear weapons with
now I will say the administration is
laughingly suggested well they'll use
that on infrastructure to rebuild their
roads to rebuild their energy industry
right now they're sending vast sums to
Hamas and Hezbollah funding terrorism
across the world and they had the same
infrastructure needs another hundred
billion dollars you don't think they're
going to find an awful lot of it to
developing nuclear weapons and I would
point out it is not by accident that the
ayatollah khamenei refers to israel is
the little Satan in tehran is the great
see america's the great see this is the
one thread on the face of the earth that
poses a real possibility of millions of
americans being murdered and flash but I
know everything I'm saying Republican
leadership said over and over again and
yet
republican leadership refuses to enforce
the terms of the iran review legislation
federal law that the administration is
defined by not handing the entire deal
over I've laid out a clear path a
detailed path that leadership can follow
to stop this d leadership refuses to do
so instead we had a showboat that was
designed to lose and it did exactly what
we expected the democrats by and large
put party loyalty above the national
security of this country above standing
with our friend and ally the nation of
Israel about protecting the lives of
millions of Americans if we really
believe what so many of us have said
that this poses the risk of murdering
millions of Americans is there any
higher priority the most powerful
constitutional tool Congress has the
power of the purse
if we had the ability to stop this deal
and we don't and millions of Americans
died how do we explain that to the men
and women who elected us I'm not
advocating that we fight willy nilly I'm
advocating that we fight on things that
matter don't give five hundred million
dollars to Planned Parenthood a corrupt
organization that is taking the lives of
vast numbers of unborn children in
selling their body parts in a criminal
conspiracy directly contrary to federal
law and don't give a hundred billion
dollars to the ayatollah khomeini who
seeks to murder millions in both
instances those are defending life and
yet Republican leadership is not willing
to lift a finger
if only all the people who might be
murdered by a nuclear weapon could
create a pack in washington and hire
some lobbyists maybe leadership would
listen to them then but the truck driver
at home the waitress at home school
teacher at home the pastor the police
officer working men and women the
Washington cartel doesn't listen to them
and I'll note with this deal is headed
in December when this journey continuing
resolution expires leadership is already
foreshadowing they plan to bust the
budget caps why we talked about at the
beginning Barack Obama has discovered he
says the word shut down and Republican
leadership screen surrenders and run to
the hills above my understanding that
quite well says you don't bust the
budget caps I'll shut the government
down and republicans in this bizarre
process republican leadership will blame
whatever Obama dozen other republicans
you notice how much energy leader
McConnell devotes to attacking
conservatives you notice how much energy
Speaker Boehner devoted to attacking
conservatives just yesterday to speaker
of the house went on national television
and on national television he directed
an obscene epithets may person he's
welcome to insult whomever he likes I
don't intend to reciprocate but when US
leadership ever showed that level of
venom that level of animosity to
President Obama and the Democrats who
are bankrupting this country who are
destroying the Constitution are
endangering the future of our children
and grandchildren who are retreating
from leadership in the world and have
created an environment that has led to
the rise of radical islamic terrorists
you wanted a dynamic mister president
we've seen and fight after fight this
area read the democrats sit back and
laugh why because its Republican
leadership that leads the onslaught
attacking conservative saying no you can
and we won't do anything to stop
Obamacare no you can't we won't do
anything to stop amnesty no you can't we
won't do anything to stop Planned
Parenthood no you can't we won't do
anything to stop Iran from acquiring
nuclear weapons
if Republican leadership really believes
we can accomplish nothing and why does
it matter if you have a Republican House
or Senate every two years come october
november we tell the voters it matters
intensely to paraphrase phrase the
immortal words of hillary clinton what
difference does it make if the standard
for republican leadership is anything
that gets 67 votes will support that
means Harry Reid Nancy Pelosi remained a
defector leaders of the set in the house
and I would note by the way if in
December leadership goes through with
their promise to bust for the prom
promise but their suggestion to bust the
budget caps they would have done
something astonishing historically the
three legs of the conservative still
have been fiscal conservatives social
conservatives national security
conservatives between Planned Parenthood
Iran and the budget caps leadership will
have managed to abandon all three
no wonder the american people are
frustrated no wonder the american people
do not understand why leadership isn't
listening to them