much for welcoming us here thank you for
your hospitality thank you everyone for
coming out this morning let me say to
bill and Bob thank you for your
tremendous leadership thank you for
leading our team here on the ground and
new hampshire thank you for the
incredible work you have done assembling
a grassroots army jack thank you for
your leadership helping bring
conservatives together you know we're
seeing in new hampshire across the
country we're seeing the old reagan
coalition coming together
week ago with an extraordinary win we
had
all the pundits on TV said we couldn't
win a member Sunday night a week ago
watching every TV station every pundit
said there was no chance crews can't win
give up on it it's hopeless it will not
happen again on happened one after the
other after the other after the other
and then just one thing they forgot the
people
and the men and women of our was put the
country on notice that the media are not
gonna pick the republican nominee or the
next president
and the washington establishment is the
next president the United States
instead it will be so encouraging is
that reagan coalition we saw the coming
together of conservatives and
evangelicals and libertarians and reagan
democrats and young people all coming
together now you look at the results on
election night we won overwhelmingly
among concerns we won overwhelmingly
among evangelical but we also won among
reagan democrats and we also won among
young people that's the diverse array we
need to win the nomination but also to
win and here in new hampshire we're
seeing that same reagan coalition coming
together you know just yesterday we
received the support of five new
hampshire representatives who have been
part of Rand Paul's team as we see the
Liberty movement coalescing
and just this morning we're pleased to
announce state senator Kevin abar Rand
Paul's new hampshire state chairman has
endorsed this campaign is standing with
us as well and I gotta tell you when the
reagan coalition comes together when the
Liberty movement is standing with Tea
Partiers is standing with small business
owner is standing with republican women
is standing with evangelicals is
standing with conservatives that becomes
a move from the people that scares the
living daylights out of washington DC's
just have this it's worth reflecting on
our campaign we were the only major
candidate to compete in the state of
Iowa Foursquare opposed to the ethanol
now it's conventional wisdom is that
political suicide in Iowa thats like
coming up to new hampshire and
campaigning against the New England
papers just to be clear I'm not doing
this but all the conventional wisdom
said you cannot compete unless you're
for the ethanol mandate not only by two
leading competitors who finished second
third
welfare will expended
someone hold out a certain very very shy
developer from New York City prompted
the republican governor of iowa area
these guys are fine they will all keep
the cronyism going but that will
actually end
the Washington rock it works the
governor's son the major ethanol
lobbyists who ran millions of dollars of
attack ads blasting us for opposing yet
that all mandate for daring to stand for
a level playing field with no mandates
no subsidies for anyone
all of the above energy in a fair and
even playing field without Washington
picking winners and losers
then the results on election day but
their country with their children but
the future put the bankrupting of our
kids and grandkids if we're going to
turn around the 19 trillion dollar debt
that is bankrupting the next generation
we've got to be willing to say no to the
washington cartel say no to the cronyism
say no to the corporate welfare say no
to the bipartisan corruption in
Washington to the constitutional
principles that built this country
and it's worth observing internal no
money money night on the republican side
we had the highest turning in history
50% higher than the last record
shattered turnout records on the
democratic side their turnout was thirty
percent lower than 2008
heard that on the nightly news in almost
kind of make sure one year what
political party the reporters are
members of you know we keep hearing feel
the burn so many wisecracking most of
them are not fit for missus mixed
company but the Democratic turnout
dropped 30% the republican turnout rose
30% in a purple state like Iowa and you
know who was coming up in reagan's
every day as I can paint across the
country I see men and women to come up
to me and say I'm a Democrat up in a
democrat my whole life just a few days
ago here in new hampshire to town hall
gentleman came up to me said I'm a union
carpenter please don't tell my union
boss on here but he said you know what
we're doing that make any sense on with
you you know today the first time in
history a majority of Americans believe
that our kids will have a worse life
than 65% that has never been the case in
the history of this country until right
now may be the most un-american idea you
can imagine I believe the central issue
in 2016 will be reigniting the promise
of getting back to that fundamental
ideals that our kids live a better life
than we did in their kids better life
when we get back to the free market
principles of constitutional liberties
that built America you know the great
thing about internal drew's carol is
true
three keys reigniting the promise of
America number one we bring back jobs
and growth and opportunity and number
one priority is economic growth why is
that because economic growth is
foundational to every other challenge
we've got if you wanna turnaround
unemployment if you want to pay down the
national debt if you want to rebuild our
military you want to strengthen and
preserve Social Security and Medicare it
gotta have growth with grossly can do
all of that without rose and the folks
here understand cause and effect you
understand that every time we go down
the path we're on now that a control
spending and taxes and regulations you
get what we've got now
misery and stagnation malaise it does
not work and what hillary Clinton Bernie
Sanders promised more of the same more
spending more taxes more debt and if we
do that we only get more stagnation more
misery more young people coming at his
school with loans up to their eyeballs
not able to get a job
every time the federal government is
pursued tax reform and regulatory reform
every time it is pulled the boot of the
federal government off the backs of the
next of small business
the result has been incredible economic
growth and was true in the 1922 calvin
coolidge was true in the nineteen
sixties with JFK was true in the
nineteen eighties with ronald reagan
regulatory the single most important
regulatory reform is we need to repeal
every word of Obamacare
Obamacare is the biggest job killer in
America and we need to pass commonsense
health care reform that makes health
insurance personal and portable and
affordable and he government from
getting in between us and our doctors
and then the simplest and best tax
reform is waiting to pass a simple flat
tax
taxes on a postcard
we do that we should abolish the IRS
you know gosh in the live free or die
state it's almost like the IRS is not a
beloved institute a second key to
reigniting the promise of america is we
need to defend our constitutional rights
instead of the federal government
violating our rights attacking the
rights of law-abiding citizens we need a
president who will stand and defend the
entire bill of rights
we need to defend the First Amendment
free speech and especially especially
especially religious liberty
you know if you understand just how far
off track our country is gone you need
look no further
the Little Sisters of the Little Sisters
of the Poor are a Catholic Charities of
nuns who devote their lives to caring
for the poor in the open right now today
the Obama administration is litigating
against the Little Sisters of the Poor
trying to impose millions of dollars of
funds on the sisters under Obamacare in
order to try to force the nuns to pay
for abortion-inducing drugs and others
have a real simple rules
litigating against probably done
something
on the first day and all I will instruct
the Department of Justice and the IRS
and every other federal agency that the
persecution of religious liberty in
today
is the youngest fine gun control the
same way we do in Texas hidden what
James
and you know we are just a few weeks ago
President Obama issued executive back
trying to undermine our individual right
to keep and bear arms and need the very
first thing I intend to do on the first
day in office is rescind every single
illegal and unconstitutional executive
action taken by President Obama
we need to defend the fourth and fifth
amendment's our rights to Primus how
many of you let me ask you please leave
your cell phones on I want to make sure
President Obama here is everywhere and
we say today we need to defend the 10th
or as President Obama calls it the way
the fundamental protection that says the
powers not given to the federal
government are reserved to the states
and to the people
there's certain responsibilities of the
federal government that they need to
perform and perform well they need to
keep this country say which means we
need to rebuild the military and honor
our solemn commitment to our soldiers
and sailors and airmen and Marines
it means we need to fundamentally reform
the VA so that every veteran choose his
or her doctor
and we need to finally finally finally
secure the borders and end sanctuary
cities
but there are other areas the federal
government has no business sticking its
nose and chief among those is education
and we need to repeal every word
32 reigniting the promise of america is
we need to restore america's leadership
for seven years we've seen america
receding from leadership is made the
world a much much more dangerous place
we have abandoned an alienated our
friends and allies and we have
demonstrated weakness in appeasement to
our enemies instead of a president who
boycotts prime minister netanyahu
imagine america standing
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel
we will have a command she stands up and
says the world we will defeat radical
islamic terrorists
will have a president
willing to utter the word
radical Islamic terrorism
and we will we will completely destroy
country is very simple
the same thing is happening today people
are waking up it took Jimmy Carter
happens the republicans in america
year old as an ex-president is facially
as a Christian are you going to
demonstrate that United States
well thank you sir for that very good
question
you are absolutely right that their
enormous income inequalities unjust and
it's wrong for a long time that I think
the biggest line all the biggest lie at
all politics is that Republicans are the
party of the rich the rich do just fine
with big government business gets in bed
with big government they have armies of
lobbyists and lawyers accountants and
the growing groaned when it comes to
diagnosing the problem many folks in the
press are often surprised when I say in
large part I agree with Bernie Sanders I
agree with Bernie Sanders at the fix is
in that washington is corrupt that it is
responding to the giant corporations in
the special interests and the people
getting the short end of the stick of
the working men and women of this
country
this country
is on the solution if government is
corrupt bernie solution is we need more
government backwards I have to say I
cannot wait to stand on the debate stage
with Hillary Clinton
about income inequality the answer is
the simple truth that income inequality
has increased dramatically under the
Obama Clinton policies of the last seven
years the top one percent who are
constantly being demagogued by the
president the top 1% higher share of
income today than any year since 1928
the rich those who walk the corridors of
power in the Obama administration have
gotten fat and happy you know six of the
ten wealthiest counties in america in
and around washington D C is a very
profitable business but the people who
have been hurt clinton economy an
economy have been the most vulnerable
its young people it's it's panics it's
african-americans its single moms
because when you hammer small businesses
you take away jobs growth and the EU
what you the people who lose those on
the bottom rung of the economic ladder
for me I think about every domestic
policy from the perspective of my dad my
dad was born and raised in cuba he was
imprisoned and tortured as a teenager in
cuba and my father came to America he
was just a teeny at nothing
$100 in his underwear and he got a job
washing dishes making fifty cents an
hour I try to think of every issue
impact my father if he were still
washing dishes today for a second to
understand the miracle of the American
free enterprise system why did my dad
start washing dishes well I couldn't
speak English to speak English to take a
dish put it under hot water and scrub he
could do that in any language sometime
my dad learned english pretty quickly so
we got a second job is second job as a
cook now that made 80 cents an hour
a better job than being a dishwasher he
liked that better job is he got hired as
a teaching assistant at the University
of Texas teaching undergraduate and then
from there he got his next job at IBM as
a computer programmer and then he went
on to start a small business with my mom
today my dad is a pastor he travels the
country preach the gospel
that is the journey up the economic
ladder to the American dream that every
one of us are families have travelled
that is the American Journey what you
think about is my dad were still washing
dishes today one of the reasons I'm so
passionately opposed to Obamacare the
odds are very high he would have been
fired or never hired because it's those
low-income workers that are the ones
getting hammered by Obamacare because
it's now too expensive to keep on the
payroll by some miracle he had managed
to keep a job the odds are overwhelming
is ours would have been forcibly reduced
to 28 29 hours a week
Obamacare kicks in 30 hours a week and
you can't feed your kids you can't pay
your way through school on 28 29 hours a
week
first job washing dishes you don't get
the next job as a cook you don't get the
next job as a teaching assistant at a
computer programmer and not people off
the bottom rung of the economic ladder
you trapped them in dependency trap them
out of being able to achieve the
American dream so I think when it comes
to income inequality republicans ought
to be campaigning on it what I am
campaigning for his all the way from
getting the economic dream we can get
back to the robust economic growth that
enables anybody starting with nothing to
achieve anything i think thats the core
of our message and how we win
yessir your competitors on the debate
stage the other night seemed to have no
problem with drafting our daughters into
our daughters into the military and
unfortunately you never got asked that
question actually was not only against
women he was ending selective service I
was wondering whether he never did get
around to I was wondering what your view
was that thank you thank you very much
for that question you know I have to
admit that was one of the more surreal
moments of the debate Saturday night as
we had three different yeah it's a great
idea to be dressed in our daughters to
be dressing women into combat roles in
the military I was not asked that
question I was disappointed that almost
jumped in and yesterday I dressed just
say this I think my reaction that is are
they nuts
the father of two little girls who are
five and seven Carolina Catherine can do
anything they set their minds to
anything their hearts and dreams desire
unlimited potential but the idea that
the federal government would script role
220 pounds trying to kill them in a box
home
correctness run amok was standing there
on that debate stage 1 Canada after
another after another same sure we can
do we should be drafting young girls in
combat correctness
time has come and assist police the
truth
planes and start actually teaching your
kids and not just
secretary there to limit the corruption
and cronyism that is so corrupted
working
all capital expenditures if you buy a
new plant or equipment is immediately
expense depreciation tables no longer
have the complexity of the IRS Code you
need capital expenditures against
current income that is a test for a job
business led by senior going overseas
business producing goods for export
those entirely tax-free you don't pay no
business flat tax on any of those the
flip side is coming into america
business flat tax of sixty percent of
small businesses will have an enormous
impact bringing jobs back to this
country and what's amazing now to
foreign countries your taxes on goods
coming in we don't do the same fair and
level playing field level playing field
american productivity can beat anyone in
the world so attack that Marco Rubio
super PAC is running and they put
millions attack it is a blatantly
deceptive attack and it is not truthful
number one business flat tax is not a
the sales tax you pay the cash register
a business plan taxes not a sales tax on
business revenue is imposed on the
business not in the Catholic Church and
the kids are constructed to suggest that
this is somehow a tax increase
and they know that this is reducing
taxes in fact if you look at our white
paper this simple flat point nine
million capital investment 44 percent of
Americans from the very from the least
to the wealthiest would see double-digit
increase in after taxing so that I hear
a single mom you're making forty
thousand a year about $5,000 real
dollars in your pocket to provide for
your kids and the attacks are trying to
convince people that somehow cruise is
raising taxes they know it's false tax
plan was designed by the architect of
the reagan tax cuts that produced
incredible incredible economic growth
millions of new jobs and turn this
country around we can do it again and
that's the reason they're trying to
the treatment
president this administration of the men
and women of our armed services
because we have a commander-in-chief
does not support the mission of the
military does not have a clear mission
to find doesn't stand behind them does
not support them and even worse than
that in the combat with rules of
engagement whether arms are effectively
tied behind their back whether unable to
defend themselves
sons and daughters to risk their lives
politicians but you're not actually able
to win
you mentioned the restrictions the
restrictions on service promises are we
taking care of him following through on
our obligations
turn from their wicked ways then I will
hear their prayers from heaven and will
forgive their sin