thank you thank you very much at work
for the very very kind introduction and
then and it has been so great spending
time with with Edna less and they're
they're wonderful wonderful family it's
so great to be with so many dear friends
here this morning I'd like to begin by
just remembering those who were murdered
in San Bernardino yesterday I would ask
if we could observe a moment of silence
in their honor
the details of what happened in San
Bernardino are still unclear what our
prayers are with the families of those
who were murdered of those who were shot
and all of us are deeply concerned that
this is yet another manifestation of
terrorism radical Islamic terrorism here
at home
counting on the wake of the terror
attack in Paris this horrific murder
underscores that we are at a time of war
whether or not the current
administration realizes it or is willing
to acknowledge it
our enemies are at war with us and I
believe this nation needs a wartime
president to defend it
in recent weeks President Obama traveled
abroad to explain that he doesn't
believe in american leadership that he
doesn't believe in America winning quote
I don't have time for that you know I've
gotta say FDR and JFK and ronald reagan
were spinning in their graves to hear an
american president said he doesn't
believe in american leadership for
america winning I'll tell you when it
comes to radical Islamic terrorism I
think our strategy to borrow a page from
ronald reagan in the cold war should be
very simple we win they lose
and their three things the next
president should do to keep this nation
safe the first is speak the truth
ruth has power and at this point the
politically correct double strict speak
that comes from the Obama administration
has gone beyond the point of ridiculous
when the president stands up and says
the Islamic State isn't islamic
we need a president who the enemy by its
name radical Islamic terrorism and we
will defeat it you know there's a power
to speaking the truth back when Israel
was facing daily rocket fire with Hamas
I join with New York Democrat Kirsten
Gillibrand and introducing a resolution
condemning Hamas is use of human shields
as a war crime that resolution passed
both houses of Congress unanimously as
we came together to speak the truth
likewise following the terrorist attack
that occurred in Florida hood over five
years ago the Obama administration
refused to speak the truth refused to
acknowledge that Nadal his son who had
communicated with Anwar Awlaki unknown
radical cleric who had asked about the
permissibility of waging jihad against
his fellow servicemen who in walking
through Fort Hood murdering 14 innocent
souls yelled out a little haha Akbar as
he committed that act of terrorism the
Obama administration inexplicably
characterized that instead as workplace
violence one of the things I'm most
proud about my tenure in the senate is
that I arduous the legislation to
mandate that the purple heart awarded to
those soldiers who were murdered
the Obama pentagon fought tooth and nail
against that legislation yet I'm proud
to say on the Senate Armed Services
Committee I was able to earn the support
of Republicans and Democrats we passed
into law in December and in April I was
at the ceremony where those purple
hearts were awarded to each of the
family members I simply shook their
hands look them in the eyes and said I'm
sorry I'm sorry it took five years to
acknowledge the sacrifice of your loved
one you know when it comes to speaking
the truth this administration does
precisely the opposite we have a
president right now who at times
operates as an apologist for radical
islamic terrorists and I don't use that
word lightly the word apologist has a
very specific meeting this someone that
gives a rationalization a justification
for the conduct I was at the last
National Prayer Breakfast you'll recall
the day before Isis had lit a jordanian
pilot on fire the king of jordan who is
supposed to attend the prayer breakfast
at the fly back to Jordan and President
Obama gave a speech in which he said yes
Isis commits terrorist attack but so do
Christians and soda juice and he then
invoked the Crusades and the Inquisition
now the last I checked those ended about
nine hundred years ago and I don't think
it's asking too much for the president
of the united states to stay in the
current millennia
and the argument this is just like the
Crusades in the Inquisition is exactly
the argument that Isis and the
terrorists use and it is not beneficial
nor is it beneficial when the Secretary
of State John Kerry
you know him well suggest some months
ago that israel could become an
apartheid state
or when the Secretary of State John
Kerry also says that the terrorist
attack against Charlie Hebdo was
understandable the United States of
America should not be trying to
rationalize radical islamic terrorists
I'll tell you when John Kerry was
nominated only three senators voted
against his confirmation never have been
prouder to be in that gang of three
and when Kerry called Israel an
apartheid state I went to the senate
floor and called for Kerry's resignation
and when he and I would note that we
need more senators both Republicans and
Democrats that likewise call for
accountability when the secretary of
state uses language that undermines the
safety and security of our allies
and that's the second thing we need to
do is we need to stand by our allies
early in the Obama administration there
were warning signs one in the opening
weeks the president sent back to the
United Kingdom the bust of Winston
church that was just a foreshadowing of
things to come in after seven years we
have not seen it administration more
antagonistic in hostile to the nation of
Israel in the entire history of this
country if I have suggested to you
six years ago that the elected prime
minister of israel would come to America
would address a joint session of
Congress and he would be boycotted by
the President of the United States the
vice president of the united states and
every member of the cabinet our friends
in the media would have dismissed that
is crazy conspiracy to that would never
happen I'll tell you on the eve of that
speech I organized a panel discussion
with elie wiesel to discuss the threat
of the Iranian nuclear deal le was
wanted that to be a bipartisan
discussion so I invited one democrat
after another democrat after another
democrat after another democrat we
invited roughly a dozen Democrats and
not a single democrat was willing to
stand on a stage with Elie Wiesel and
discuss the Iranian nuclear I will tell
you it was truly humbling and powerful
just 22 to be on that stage with a man
who has seen the face of evil and can
speak truth with a moral gravity that
when ally was el said as he did that
never again must mean never again in the
one threat of that happening is a
nuclear Iran
we need a president who will stand
unapologetically with the nation of
Israel
when Hamas murdered three israeli
teenagers I join with New Jersey
Democrat Bob Menendez to introduce
legislation providing a five million
dollar reward for information leading to
the capture of the terrorists who had
kidnapped and murdered Neftali frankel
one of the three
tally was a dual Israeli us' citizen
that legislation passed the Senate
unanimously thankfully they captured the
terrorists before the house to take it
up just in the past couple of weeks I've
put together a bipartisan coalition of
some 30 senators to write to the EU to
oppose their plan to require labeling on
products coming out of israel
pledged that if I'm elected president on
the very first day in office we will
begin the process of moving the american
embassy to jerusalem the one senator
dole capitalism
and let me tell you now as we see the
global BDS movement unfortunately
getting more and more momentum behind it
a cruise administration any university
that supports the BDS movement will find
its federal funds stripped away
and the third thing we need is we need
to defeat our enemies not to weaken them
not to degrade them but to defeat them
two years ago the nation of Iran named
as their ambassador to the United
Nations Amida Buddha lobby a known
terrorist who participated Nolan holding
americans hostage everyone in this town
wrung their hands they said this is
terrible there's nothing we can do I
introduce legislation barring a Buddha
lobby and other known terrorists from
coming to America it passed the Senate
102 nothing it passed the house the four
hundred and thirty-five to nothing and
President Obama signed into law
our enemies as understanding and that
means not going down the misguided
foreign policy
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and
unfortunately too many republicans in
this town in 2009 Hillary Clinton and
Barack Obama led the effort to topple
the government in Libya the consequence
of that Libya's been handed over to
radical islamic terrorists fighting in a
war zone
shortly thereafter the Obama
administration led the effort to topple
Mubarak in Egypt the consequence of that
the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist
organization became the government in
Egypt and now we see the Obama
administration with the support of
politicians in both parties trying to
topple the government in Syria with no
plan for what will replace it if we are
to defeat our enemies we need to be
clear-eyed at toppling the government
and allowing radical islamic terrorists
to take over a nation is not benefiting
our national security interests putting
my sister al-qaida or the Muslim
Brotherhood in charge of yet another
state in the Middle East is not
benefiting our national security instead
we need a president who focuses clearly
and says we will utterly destroy ice
makes abundantly clear to any militant
on the face of the earth if you go enjoy
nice if you wage jihad against the
United States of America you are signing
you're just words
and then finally we have the Iranian
nuclear deal if I'm elected president I
have pledged in the very first day in
office to rip to shreds this
catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
Republican debates there have been other
Republican candidates for president who
said gosh that's not a very
sophisticated approach you don't
understand we need to wait and see if we
can trust the iranians they tell you
what I do trust the iranians when the
ayatollah khomeini burns American and
Israeli flags and says death to America
I trusted that he means it and I believe
in peace through strength
we are facing a moment like munich in
1938 and President Obama like
Chamberlain his comeback from Tehran
promising peace in our time yet history
has not been kind to those who have
facilitated the Gathering Storm of
homicidal maniacs who tell us they want
to kill us the next president needs to
have the fortitude to say to the
ayatollah khamenei in no uncertain terms
either you will stop your nuclear
weapons program or we will stop it for
you
and I have said many times this election
this moment in time is eerily similar to
the late nineteen seventies the
parallels between Barack Obama and Jimmy
Carter are uncanny same failed economic
policies the same misery stagnation and
malaise the same feckless and naive
foreign policy in fact the exact same
countries Russia and Iran openly
laughing and mocking the present United
States I believe this next election 2016
is going to be an election like 1980
that we are going to win by painting and
bold colors and not pale pastels
manifest failures of the carter
administration set the stage for the
Reagan Revolution which came from
millions of Americans across this
country it was a grassroots movement it
didn't come from Washington Washington
despised it came from the american
people in it transformed this country
and the world of optimism I will give
you is the same thing is happening all
over this country people are waking up
incredibly and when it comes to foreign
policy
the difference a strong president can
make is underscored by the simple fact
that this very same nation the nation of
Iran released our hostages the day
Ronald Reagan was sworn in
happy to answer or dodge any questions
first of all senator thank you on behalf
of the Republican Jewish coalition
I'm never got a standing ovation before
I got a couple questions we have been
collecting questions over the last
couple weeks and curated a bunch of them
and I know you touching a bunch of your
remarks but one of the things that comes
up in my apologies in advance for this
comparison but a number of people have
asked that much has been made of Barack
Obama coming into office as a first-term
senator with no foreign policy
experience how do you respond to those
who raised the same concerns about you
well I say two things when the media ask
Josh aren't you like Barack Obama my
reaction to reporters as I thought you
thought that was a good thing
12 presidential elections and listen
Barack Obama is not a bad president
because he was a senator Barack Obama's
a bad president has an unmitigated
socialists who won't stand up and defend
the United States of America
there's a broader point in this if you
look at the last 50 years and at the two
moments that had the greatest impact on
human liberty I would suggest it was in
nineteen eighty the election of Ronald
Reagan and in 2008 the election of
Barack Obama the first in a very
positive way the second in a very
negative way now they both share
something in common both reagan and
Obama believed profoundly and their
principles they had the courage to fight
for them when Barack Obama said he
wanted to fundamentally transform this
country he meant it and the damage that
has been done in the last seven years is
enormous and I believe the only way to
undo the damage is as republicans we
need to nominate a candidate for
president is committed to conservative
principles as Barack Obama is too
liberal arts
this dovetails into the the next
question which is how would you convince
staunchly pro-choice voters who love
your views on security on Israel that
they can still be pro-choice and vote
for your well you know that's a question
that comes up a lot in the end the
simple reality is to win every one of us
wants to win at this point desperately
and it's not just a question of our team
winning it's a question of saving this
country I believe the stakes have never
been higher than they are right now that
we are at the edge of a precipice we're
bankrupting our kids and grandkids the
safety and security of this country is
hanging in the balance and if we
continue another for eight more years
down this road we will lose this country
so we should all with a stone cold
seriousness at how we win now in
washington there are political
consultants who tell us over and over
and over again the way you win if you're
under the middle and this is no longer
an abstract theory we have now beta
tested this theory and every time we
follow that advice we get clobbered it
doesn't work in the reason it doesn't
work is very simple if you compare 2004
the last race we won nationally to 2008
and 12 the biggest difference is the
millions upon millions of conservative
voters who showed up and I'll for who
stayed home and away and stayed home in
bigger numbers and 12 and I believe if
we're going to win the central question
in this general election is how do you
motivate and inspire and bring back to
the polls to 54 million evangelical
Christians who stayed home in 2012
how do you motivate and bring back to
the polls the reagan democrats the
blue-collar Catholics across the midwest
and up into new england who stayed home
in the polls and the one thing that is
abundantly clear as if we nominate
another candidate in the mold of a bob
dole or a John McCain
or Mitt Romney all of whom are good
honorable decent men who love this
country what take did didn't work and if
we do it again the same millions of
voters who stayed home in 08 and 12 will
stay home and 16 and Hillary becomes the
next press so how do we win if you look
since war workers since World War two
the only Republicans who have ever won
have 15 run on all three legs of the
conservative school they have run as
fiscal conservatives social
conservatives and national security
conservatives if you chop off one of
those legs we don't get to 51% and so
the trick is to speak in a way that
energizes so for example you asked about
the question of life I'll tell you the
context in which I most like to discuss
life and that is the Little Sisters of
the Poor the Little Sisters of the Poor
a Catholic charity of nuns who've taken
vows of poverty they spend their lives
caring for the poor and elderly and
right now the Obama administration is
litigating against the Little Sisters of
the Poor trying to force the nuns to pay
for abortion-inducing drugs and I've
jokes many times a really good rule of
thumb if you're litigating against guns
probably done something wrong
values that bring us together bringing
back jobs and growth and opportunity
defending our constitutional rights and
restoring america's leadership in the
world that in nineteen eighty is how the
reagan revolution rose up it's what
brought millions of people to the polls
who had never voted again and it's what
we're seeing happening now there is a
reason why and six months we've had over
500,000 contributions and Ted Cruz
double our average contribution is $63
there is a reason why we do rallies
couple a couple of weeks ago we're in
Kalamazoo Michigan 9 a.m. on a Monday
morning in a hockey rink 800 people came
out almost all reagan democrats Irish
Catholic union members working men and
women the people getting hammered by the
Obama economy if we're going to win we
run a populist campaign of hard working
men and women who want to believe again
in the promise of America and we run it
against the bipartisan corruption of
washington that hillary clinton and
bodies and let me say one final thing
that I cannot wait to stand on a debate
stage with Hillary Clinton
win elections by making choices that are
meaningful choices you don't blur the
difference there's a reason there's only
one republican in the last 50 years as a
group of democrats named after reagan
democrats winning to nominate a
candidate who has the clarity to stand
up and say if you vote for Hillary
Clinton you were voting for the
ayatollah khomeini to have nuclear
weapons and if you vote for me
Iran will never have nuclear weapons
if you vote for Hillary Clinton you are
voting for 12 million people who are
here illegally to be granted amnesty if
you vote for me we will secure the
border and stop illegal immigration
if you vote for Hillary you are voting
for Obama care to be a permanent feature
of our economy in perpetuity if you vote
for me we will repeal every word of
Obamacare that I believe is how we win
with a cheerful clear meaningful
distinction that makes it dif to working
men and women across this country
thank you senator