thank you for your strong conservative
principled stance in the legislature and
thank you for your work along with our
incredible Michigan team along with Saul
Anuzis and windy day and so many
tremendous conservatives across this
state who are leading our effort I am
thrilled to be with each of you today
how many of you watch the debate in
california is it to have such a
tremendous array of talent on that stage
charismatic talented young leader
stepping forward to be leaders in the
republican party and leaders in the
nation and what a contrast with the
democrats you know I'm pretty sure the
first democratic debate is going to
consist of hillary Clinton and the
Chipotle clerk well now now now actually
that's not fair that's not fair
we can't forget about Bernie Sanders so
now the democratic field consists of a
wild-eyed socialist with ideas that are
dangerous for america and the world and
Bernie Sanders
and you know it's really quite amazing
watching the democrats delay their
debates at first it was gonna be
September than october than November you
know I think they may end up just moving
the debate till 2017
it's actually it's not widely known but
the democrats had actually planned to
have an earlier debate the problem was
the debate invitation was emailed
Hillary you know we're here today
because our nation is in crisis we're
here today because we're bankrupting our
kids and grandkids because our
constitutional rights are under assault
from washington like never before and
because America has receded from
leadership in the world and it has made
the world a much more dangerous place
and yet I'm here with a word of hope and
encouragement an exhortation all across
the state of Michigan all across this
country people are waking up we are
seeing an awakening sweeping this
country and let me tell you right now
help is on the way
so I wanna ask everyone here to look
forward look forward to January 2017 if
I'm elected president let me tell you
what I intend to do on my first day in
office the first thing I intended to is
rescind every single illegal and
unconstitutional executive action taken
by this press President Obama likes to
say he's got a phone and he's got a pin
where you live by the pan you die by the
pen and my pen has got an eraser but
sadly the corruption has not just been
limited to the white house it has
pervaded every branch of the federal
government and this is the most partisan
and lawless Department of Justice we
have ever seen the second thing I
intended to on the first day in office
isn't struck the USS Department of
Justice to open an investigation into
Planned Parenthood and these horrible
videos
the administration of justice should be
blind to party or ideology the only
fidelity at the department of justice
should be to the laws and the
Constitution of the United States of
America the third thing I intend to do
on the first day in office isn't struck
the Department of Justice and the IRS
and every other federal agency that the
persecution of religious liberty and
today that means that every serviceman
and woman has the right to worship God
with all of his heart mind and soul and
his commanding officer has nothing to
say about and that means the Little
Sisters of the Poor a Catholic charity
that the Obama administration is
litigating against trying to impose
millions of dollars of funds under
Obamacare on the sisters in order to try
to force the nuns to pay for
abortion-inducing drugs and others now
let me give you all a real simple rule
of thumb if you're litigating against
guns
you've probably done something wrong
in January 2017 the Little Sisters of
the Poor will discover that the case
against them has been dismissed the
forest thing I intend to do on the first
day in office is ripped to shreds this
catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
single greatest national security threat
facing america's the threat of a nuclear
Iran you know about a month ago I
observed if this deal goes through the
Obama administration will become quite
literally the leading financier of
radical Islamic terrorism in the world
now in response to that President Obama
got very upset and I do so hate to
dismay that he interrupted his busy
world travels in between the eighth and
ninth holes to attack me directly he
said what Cruz said is ridiculous you
can't say that you cannot use that
rhetoric but let me give you a very very
simple principle truth is not rhetoric
and in the entire course of his attack
it actually bother to try to refute any
of the substance of what I said so let's
review the facts back number one
iran is today the world's leading state
sponsor of terrorism back number two if
this deal goes through over 100 billion
dollars will flow directly to Iran
directly to the Ayatollah Khomeini and
fax number three if that happens
billions of those dollars will go to
fund Hamas and Hezbollah and the who
teased and jihadists across the globe
who will use those billions to murder
americans to murder israelis and murder
europeans if President Obama doesn't
like the rhetoric of his administration
becoming the world's leading financier
of radical Islamic terrorism there is an
easy solution stop financing radical
islamic terrorists
thing I intend to do on the first day in
office is begin the process of moving
the american embassy in Israel to
jerusalem the one senator no capital of
Israel now you know a lot of
presidential candidates both Republicans
and Democrats had made that exact same
promise and yet inevitably when they get
to the white house they don't do it and
what happens is their team comes to them
and says you know if we do that
that'll make other folks in the Middle
East really really unhappy with you
hadn't noticed there are already pretty
unhappy with and I'll tell you the
single biggest difference between me and
the other fine men and women standing on
that debate stake is that with me when I
tell you I'm gonna do something I'm
gonna do exactly what I said I would
that's day one
there are 365 days in a year for years
in a presidential term and four years in
a second term by the end of eight years
they're gonna be a whole lot of
newspaper reporters and editors and
journalists who've check themselves into
therapy in the days that follow I will
go to congress and we will repeal every
word of Obamacare in its place will pass
commonsense health care reform that
makes health insurance personal and
portable and affordable and keeps the
government from getting in between us
and our doctors
in the days that follow I will instruct
the us- Department of Education which
should be abolished I will instruct the
us- Department of Education that common
core and study day and the days that
follow we will rebuild the military we
will honor our commitments made every
soldier and sailor and airman and marine
and we will protect the right to keep
and bear arms of every serviceman and
woman
that means the next time a jihadist
walks into a recruiting station in
chattanooga he's going to encounter the
business end of firearms wielded by a
dozen Marines in the days that follow we
will finally finally finally secure the
borders and end sanctuary cities we will
stop the Obama administration's
indefensible practice of releasing
violent criminal illegal aliens and we
will pass case law in the days that
follow we will take on the EPA
and the CFPB and the alphabet soup of
federal agencies that have defended like
locusts on small businesses and we will
unleash booming economic growth that
will lift people up millions of people
coming out of school will get jobs and
move back on a path to the american jury
and in the days that follow I will go to
congress and we will pass fundamental
tax reform we will pass a simple flat
tax
so that every American can fill out his
or her taxes on a postcard and when we
do that we should abolish the IRS there
about 90,000 employees at the IRS we
need to padlock that building take all
ninety thousand put him down on our
southern border now to our friends in
the median i say that somewhat
tongue-in-cheek but yeah if you think
about it ron if you imagine imagine you
traveled thousands of miles in the
Blazing Sun you're swimming across the
Rio grant and the first thing you see is
90,000 IRS agents you turn around and go
thinking all of that make sense it's
simple common-sense live within your
means don't bankrupt our kids and
grandkids follow the constitution but
can it be done can we do it you know
scripture tells us is nothing new under
the Sun I think where we are today is
very very much like the late nineteen
seventies the parallels are uncanny the
same failed economic policies leading to
the same misery stagnation and malaise
the same back listen naive foreign
policy in fact the exact same countries
Russia and Iran openly laughing and
mocking the president of the united
states now why is it that that analogy
gives me so much hope and optimism
because we know how that story and all
across this country millions of men and
women rose up and became the reagan
revolution
and it didn't come from Washington
Washington despised ronald reagan by the
way if you see a candidate who
Washington embraces run and hide it came
from the american people in it turn this
country around we went from stagnation
in misery to booming growth millions
lifted out of poverty into prosperity
and the American dream we went from our
hostages languishing in Iran to winning
the cold war and tearing the berlin wall
to the ground
optimistic because the same thing is
happening again all over the country
the same thing is happening again people
are waking up you know we launched our
campaign on March 23rd at Liberty
University the New York Times promptly
opined crews cannot win because the
washington elites despise him I kinda
thought that was the whole point of the
campaign
lesson if you think things are going
great washington if you think we need to
continue heading in the same basic
directions just kind of fiddle around
the edges then I your guy on the other
hand if you think Washington is
fundamentally broken that there is a
bipartisan corruption of career
politicians in both parties who get in
bed with lobbyists and special interests
and grow and grow and grow government if
you think we need to take power out of
washington and back to we the people
that is what this campaign is all about
so the times continued they said okay
maybe the grass roots will be with
groups but he gonna have any money
because those Washington elites control
all the money and all the lobbyists are
with other candidates who aren't gonna
rock the boat were gonna keep that gravy
train flowing well over a month ago
all of the campaign's filed their
fundraising reports at a seventeen
Republican candidates do you know which
campaign raised the most hard money we
did
in just over three months our campaign
raised over fourteen point three million
dollars
second place was jeb bush with 11.4 now
if I told you up at six months ago that
we were gonna out raise every candidate
in the field including out raising jeb
bush by three million dollars you said I
was bark at the moon crazy by the way
someone suggested that for a bumper
sticker for us you know how he did that
that came from over a hundred and
seventy-five thousand contributions in
all 50 states people all over the
country going to Ted Cruz . or Ted Cruz
dot org Ted Cruz dot org 10 crews dot
org
our average contribution was $68 that is
the power of the grass roots
and let me tell you an interesting thing
about momentum after the first debate in
Cleveland in the hundred hours that
followed that debate our campaign raised
over one million dollars and we just had
another debate in California we
announced this morning that it didn't
take us $100 our campaign in the first
48 hours after the debate raised again
another million dollars let me close
with this for everyone here
freedom is not some abstract concept we
read about the school book freedom is
real it's personal in our lives it's our
families you know for me I think about
my mom my mom is Irish Italian born in
wilmington delaware blue-collar family
her mom was the second youngest of 17
kids they were Irish
didn't know what else to do on a
Saturday night
my mom became the first person in her
family ever to go to college now my
grandfather my mother's dad was a
difficult man he was drunk and he didn't
think women should be educated and he
certainly didn't think his daughter
should be the first person in the family
to go to college while my mom ended up
going to Rice University graduating with
a degree in math in 1956 she went to
work at Shell as a computer programmer
now you wanna talk about two industries
the oil and gas industry and computer
science neither one of which were very
welcoming to women
my mom was at the intersection of both
teams to tell me that she's very
deliberately didn't learn how to type
she said look it was the nineteen
fifties I understood the world I was
living it she said i dont wanna be
walking down the hall and have a woman
walk up and have a man walked up to me
and say sweetheart would you type this
for me my mom wanted to be able to smile
very very sweetly and with a clean
conscience say I would love to help ya
but I don't know how to type
I guess you're gonna have to use me as a
computer programmer instead my mom is a
woman of incredible courage and
conviction she's been a best friend to
me my whole life she is an amazing
grandmother to our two little girls
Carolina Catherine and then I think
about my dad Rafael Cruz my father was
born in cuba he grew up in cuba and as a
teenager my dad begin fighting in the
cuban revolution fighting when he was 14
years old he was thrown in prison when
he was 17 and he was tortured by
batista's army but my dad was lying in
that Cuban jail covered in blood and
blood and mud and grime his nose broken
his teeth dangling from his mouth he
told me he remember thinking I don't
have any kids no family depends on me it
doesn't matter if I live or die but
thankfully God had different plans for
my father my father escape cuba came to
America in 1957 when it came to this
country was 18 years old he couldn't
speak a word of English at $100 sewn
into his underwear his first job was
washing dishes make it fifty cents an
hour and he worked seven days a week he
paid his way through school and my dad
and my mom when I ended up forming a
small business together today my dad is
a pastor he travels the country
preaching the gospel
my whole life my dad has been my hero
but you know what I find most incredible
about his story and place it is every
one of us here we've got a story just
like that some of us its US others it's
our parents others it's our great great
great grand but what ties Americans
together is we are all the children of
those who risked everything for freedom
when I was a kid my dad used to say to
me over and over again when we faced
repression in Cuba I had a place to flee
to if we lose our freedom here where do
we go
that is why all of us are here today
we're here today because we will not go
quietly into the night we will not give
up on our children and grandchildren we
will stand and fight for freedom we will
stand and fight for the constitution and
if we the people rise up together we
will bring back and restore that last
best hope for mankind that shining city
on a hill that is the United States