god bless the great state of South
Carolina know how many of y'all watch
the debate this week how fantastic is it
that we have so many young talented
dynamic Republican candidates running
for president and what a contrast with
the democrats you know I'm pretty sure
the first democratic debate consisted of
hillary and the Chipotle clerk
we can't forget about Bernie cent
so now the democratic field consists of
a wild-eyed socialist whose ideas are
dangerous for american the world and
centers and is anyone else noticed that
they keep scheduling the Democratic
debates at like 1:30 in the morning on a
Saturday they aired on Alaska PBS you
know it's almost like they don't want
anyone to see their candidates but there
is good news they have announced the
location of the next democratic debate
they're gonna hosted at Leavenworth
and wanted to make it easier for hillary
to attend you know I'm so glad to be
back with all of you want to start by
just giving thanks for news we got today
at four Americans are coming home from
iran or Americans including pastor Saeed
Abedini
so many of us have been lifting up
pastor Saeed and our prayers
you know I've gotten to know his wife
nominee who is a wonderful wonderful
person who has stood like Iraq
pastor Saeed was wrongly imprisoned
who's raised their two little kids in
idaho while her husband languished in an
Iranian prison so we give thanks to God
that they're coming home but at the same
time we've gotta shake there are headed
howard said you know the details of this
dealer still coming in
you notice that the Obama administration
announces the good news and then hides
the bad news so the details that are
still coming out but from what we
understand we're releasing seven people
who were incarcerated for violating the
sanctions on Iran and helping Iran
develop nuclear weapons and their
another dozen or more who violated the
law that we've agreed we're just not
gonna prosecute and let me say there is
a false moral equivalence in a deal like
this
Saeed was in prison for the crime of
preaching the gospel he shouldn't have
been there
Amir Hekmati aus marine shouldn't have
been there in that prison Jason resin a
reporter who was in prison for reporting
on the news
shouldn't have been there and so will we
celebrate their return this deal
serves as a piece of propaganda for both
the rain in the Obama administration you
noticed every compliant reporter will
say listen this Iranian deal wonderful
me tell you three years ago I introduced
legislation and said the unconditional
release of american hostages should be
the first step in the precondition
before beginning any conversation with
Iran we saw this past week when Iran
captured two ships in prison 10 sailors
tried to humiliate them President Obama
and John Kerry celebrate how wonderful
after humiliating our sailors they let
him go
no it is not wonderful they should have
been captured in the first place and I
will tell you that image 10 Braves
sailors forced to their knees that image
will summarize the failures of the Obama
Clinton foreign policy more powerful
than any image from the last seven years
and so many people here have been burned
by politicians
have had the experience and we have a
politician they come up they campaign
and they say they say everything we want
here and we vote for him and go to
washington and they don't do what they
said and let me say that hadn't happened
once had happened twice it happens over
and over and over again and lessen the
stakes in 2016 never been higher our
country is hanging in the balance
get a very simple question for the folks
here how do we not get burned again
and I wasn't fishing for that there is
no more important question in this
primary then how do we not get burned
again because you know what every single
Republican running knows what you're
supposed to say did you notice that
nobody on thats debate stage gets up and
says i'ma squishy establishment moderate
I stand for nothing
none of them say that when someone
announces his Republican candidate for
president suddenly they agree with the
values of everyone in this room and let
me suggest a simple rule ignore what all
of us ignore what I say ignore what
every other candidate says don't listen
to the words on the campaign trail
looked action
I had a former boss he used to say if
I'm ever accused of being a Christian
I'd like to be enough evidence to
convict me
being a conservative if you're really a
conservative you're really a
constitutionalist you shouldn't have to
tell anybody because you will bear the
scars you will have been in the foxholes
in the fight you will have been standing
for your principles and it will be
evident for everyone to see
if you agree with me that the stakes
have never been higher and I want to
suggest a metric to apply to every
candidate this is a time for choosing
and I'm going to highlight seven times
for choosing 7 battles in recent years
where every candidate for public office
had a choice of where to stay let's
start with the fight over Obamacare in
2013 millions of Americans rose up
against the disaster that was Obama
Obamacare was getting ready to be
implemented in you know what republican
leadership decided they didn't wanna
fight they were scared to fighting they
didn't want to stand up and fight when
millions of Americans rose up I was
proud to stand alongside millions of
Americans fighting to stop Obamacare
journalists today wrote a column saying
cruise doesn't talk about the shutdown
anymore if you recall washingtonDC was
terrified to fight the because millions
of us stood up together and lit up the
phone for one brief moment we saw him to
the backbone appearing in all of us were
taught in junior high that in
vertebrates can't walk upright and yet
politicians disprove that every single
day
and let me suggest that time for
choosing if you wanna know by the way
every Republican candidate for president
says they'll repeal Obamacare will also
offer to sell you a bridge you want to
know who's really going to repeal
Obamacare you want to know who's willing
the bleedin stand in 2013 asked if every
candidate on that stage where were you
when the fight was being fought and the
american people were standing up to
washington if if you didn't stand up if
you did engage let's look at a second
time for choosing fight over guns
following the horrific shooting in
Newtown Connecticut President Obama and
Chuck Schumer came out with an
aggressive new national gun control plan
the president could have tried to unify
as he could have brought us together and
say let's focused on violent criminals
let's come after violent criminals come
down on them like a ton of bricks that
would have brought us together that
would have been the right thing to do to
stop the murderers and rapists and
criminals President Obama didn't do that
instead he pursued a partisan agenda try
to take away the right to keep and bear
arms of millions of law-abiding
Americans in response to that millions
of us across the country rose up to
defend our constitutional rights I was
proud to stand and lead that fights
enter the utter astonishment to the
shock and dismay of Barack Obama and
Harry Reid Chuck Schumer who were
triumphant when it came time to a vote
every single one of their proposals
undermined the Second Amendment right to
keep and bear arms was voted down on the
senate floor now once again any
republican presidential race every
republican candidate will stand up on
that stage and say they support the
second amendment there are no dumb dumbs
on that stage there is a simple test to
apply to distinguish campaign rhetoric
from an actual record in 2013 when
Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer and Harry
Reid were trying to take away our 2nd
Amendment right to keep and bear arms
where work did you stand up and fight
for you otherwise engaged if you wanna
know where someone is look to their acts
let's take a third exam and nasty now in
this election and a lot of folks who
want to talk about immigration wanna
talk about securing the borders I think
that's fabulous I think that's fabulous
that people are finally focused on the
reality that border security is national
security
but we had a battle in 2013 led by
Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer
and far too many establishment
republicans in washington and then on
the other side
millions of Americans rose up and said
no we don't want amnesty we want to
secure our borders and protect the
American people and we had incredible
heroes in warriors leading that battle
people like jeff Sessions and steve King
who stood heroically with the american
people and I was proud to be
shoulder-to-shoulder with jeff Sessions
and steve King leading the fight and
when it came time for the votes remember
by the way they push it through the
Senate and Republican leadership plan to
jam it through the house it was about to
pass it was going to happen the issue is
lost all of the reporters were listening
to the democrats crow triumph a
republican leadership would join with
all the Democrats to pass amnesty Obama
would sign it and the battle would be if
any candidate for president says he or
she really cares about immigration when
we're on the verge of losing the major
battle with the fight will be over if
this bill is signed into law and it's no
longer question of talking it's a choice
of where and I will say this anybody who
was AWOL from the battle on the gang of
eight has no standing as a candidate now
to say they will enforce the border
your actions speak louder than words and
they give a fourth issue a set of issues
that gave rise to the birth of the Tea
Party the combination of TARP the
stimulus and cronyism in washington
corporate welfare that is what I meant
to this incredible grassroots movement
of the Tea Party fed up with bailing out
Wall Street and ignoring Main Street in
the working men and women of this
country
my time in the senate I have been proud
to stand over and over and over again
with the american people fighting
against cronyism fighting against the
mandates fighting against bailouts no
bailouts for any bank period
no subsidies no mandates stop picking
winners and losers and let me say if
someone tells you they're Tea Party you
can't beat tea party and at the same
time have supported you can't be tea
party and at the same time have
supported Barack Obama's stimulus you
can't be cheap party and at the same
time support the ethanol mandate cos
it's good politics in iowa and support
the sugar subsidies cuz it's good
politics in Florida and support all of
the other corporate welfare and cronyism
so if you really want to know what kind
of president is someone gonna be are
they gonna take on the Washington cartel
it gonna take on the lobbyists you can
ask yourself the simple question where
do they stand on tarpon stimulus and
cronyism and corporate welfare and if
they weren't willing to take it on the
fights were being thought I can tell you
no one in history ever grew a backbone
after they got to 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue
let me give you a fifth time for choosy
and its marriage and religious liberty
last year the Supreme Court five
unelected judges issued a lawless
fundamentally illegitimate decision
reporting to tear down the marriage laws
of all fifty states when that decision
came down there was a time for choosing
for every where do you stand which side
of the line are you on by the way our
friends in the media they want us to
give up on this flight although they
celebrate your enlightened wisdom to
allow inst marriage the foundation of
the family from millennia from the very
beginning from a nominee to celebrate
tearing down marriage the media praises
you when you're selling lightness to
want to tear down the fundamental
building blocks of the family and
society that decision provided every
candidate with a choice and I'll tell
you quite a few of the candidates stand
on that debate stage stood up and said
the supreme court's decision is the
settled law of the land we need to
accept it
surrender and move on now those are
word-for-word Barack Obama's talking any
republican who responded to that
decision by saying it's the settled law
of the land move on we know for a fact
as president they will not defend
marriage they've told us that do not be
surprised how do you not get burned
again don't listen to the words listen
to what they've done if they've
surrendered the fight on marriage at the
outset they ain't gonna be there in the
future
and when it comes to the assault on
religious liberty our first Liberty the
very first right protected in the first
amendment of the Bill of Rights you
wanna know if someone will stand with
pastors someone will stand with rabbis
someone will stand with priests someone
will stand with you and me and protect
our fundamental right to seek out and
worship God Almighty with all of our
hearts minds and souls then don't listen
to their words on the campaign trail
asked when if you stood and fought
religiously talks cheap it's easy to say
it when hit you stood and fought to
defend the ten commandments to defend
the pledge of allegiance to defend
veterans memorials that honor the men
and women who gave their lives for this
country when the government comes and
subpoenas pastors as they did in my home
city of Houston he just stand with the
pastors
6 fight the sixth time for choosing that
matters is the battle over Planned
Parenthood remember the debate at the
Reagan Library or just about every
candidate looked in the TV camera and
gave an emotional speech about how
important it was to stop playin parent
in light of these horrific videos in
which they're caught on tape
essentially admitting to a pattern of
felonies illegally selling the body
parts of unborn children every candidate
just about said gosh this is terrible
just a few weeks later we had a
knock-down drag-out fight in
washingtonDC exactly this issue millions
of Americans rose up I I was part of
reaching out to a over a hundred
thousand protesters nationwide asking
the pastor to pray for this country to
light up the phone and call their
members of congress I was proud to stand
with millions of Americans saying enough
is enough
on Planned Parenthood and let me say
something of the other very fun
individuals on that debate stage none of
them were anywhere to be found that was
a moment can you imagine how different
that fight would have been if every
major presidential candidate had
descended on washington D C had stood in
unison said Mitch McConnell and John
Boehner don't send five hundred million
dollars of taxpayer funding to Planned
Parenthood
and there are candidates on that stage
that right now today say we should
continue to send taxpayer funds to
Planned Parenthood nobody should be
surprised if you get burned if you're
not willing to stand up when the fight
is happening you're not going to do
anything different if you ever get
elected and by the way anyone who says
the marriage decision is the settled all
the land
anyone who is afraid to stand up the
Planned Parenthood I'll tell you right
now every Supreme Court Justice they
name will be a disaster
are you fed up with republicans
nominating liberals to the Supreme Court
where you've got direct power of that
which is don't support anyone who's run
away from the fight on life and marriage
because if you're not willing to stand
and fight on life and marriage every
judge you put on the court is going to
be a disaster why because you're going
to curry favor with the new york times
instead of standing with the american
people and let me give you the seventh
and final time for choosing and it's the
battle over I ran the single greatest
national security threat facing around
facing this country is the threat of a
nuclear and we saw this week just how
profoundly dangerous it is after Iran
captures our ships after they attempt to
humiliate our sailors what is Barack
Obama do turns around and wants to give
the ayatollah khomeini a hundred and
fifty billion dollars I got an idea how
about we sell our ships 75 billion
apiece
this is shameful it is wrong I tell you
this if I'm elected president our
sailors will never be on their knees
a report that we heard black helicopters
any Islamic terror terrorist any Islamic
tyrants who attempts to capture us'
servicemen and women will face the full
force and fury of the United States of
America we will not bargain with
terrorists we will not negotiate with
terrorists we will not as Barack Obama
does apologize for terrorists instead if
you are a radical islamic militants and
I would note they are radical islamic
militants last I checked it wasn't a
bunch of Presbyterians who flew the
planes into the Twin Towers if you are a
militant anywhere on the face of the
planet and you go enjoy nice as you go
and wage jihad against the United States
of America and attempt to murder
americans you are signing your death
we've had a moment where this battle is
being fought on Iran asks of the
candidates running who is stepped
forward to lead stopping this Iranian
deal who is step forward to delve into
the details to understand what's going
on to understand what we need to do to
prevent the ayatollah khomeini from ever
getting a nuclear weapon if that fight
is not important for someone to step
forward in lead what fight will be
me tell you if I'm elected president on
the very first day I pledge to do things
number one receiver and every single
illegal and unconstitutional executive
action number to instruct the us-
Department of Justice to open an
investigation into Planned Parenthood
and prosecute any criminal violations
number three and struck the Department
of Justice and the IRS and every other
federal agency that the persecution of
religious liberty
ends today number for ripped to shreds
this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
and number five
begin the process of moving the american
embassy in Israel to jerusalem the once
an internal capital of Israel
for every one of us that agrees stakes
have never been higher and for every one
of us that raised her hands and said
we've been burned before by politicians
who made promises and haven't done it
how can you know that I will follow
through on those promises on the first
day in office and every day afterwards
as the scripture has said you shall know
them by their fruits
in any candidate on that stage a matter
how much you might like them when
they're campaigning if they haven't
stood and fought at those seven times
for choosing if they haven't been
willing to stand and lead you can know
to an absolute fact they wouldn't do so
as president I've if we want to see
another John Boehner in the white house
and we shouldn't look to people's
records we should listen to what they
say but if we can't get burned again we
should ignore all the campaign rhetoric
from everyone and simply say who's been
walking look who's demonstrated through
action where they stand
I wanna give you one final word of
encouraged I've said many many times I
think today
2016 is very very much like 1980 the
parallels between Barack Obama and Jimmy
Carter are on it took jimmy carter to
give us ronald reagan and I'm convinced
the most long lasting legacy of Barack
Obama's gonna be a new generation of
leaders in the republican party that
stands for the constitution that stand
for freedom and that stand with the
people thank you and god bless you