72 hours they'll move on to an investor
will see millions of dollars in attack
ads but all that time has past this is
now the time for the men and women in
this room this is the time to make a
decision a decision that frankly the
whole country is looking to you and
counting on you to make everyone here
has not ever get the chance and that he
is a candidate and make a determination
telling the truth how many people here
then burned over and over again she
campaigned for the service people come
out a coffee break a leg we see it over
and over
know every day
ago
Times Online
foundational principle is a ride along
with everything else feel that every
goal in life is a precious gift from God
case the appeal the Court of Appeal and
we want to plan now to life matters what
is your rap over 60 years of his life
support it
partial-birth abortion we should not be
surprised his marriage and religious
absolutely lawless
52 judges do create the power is now a
bad time to decide where candidates in
this race day
Supreme Court's decision is settled law
of the land we surrender we accept it
Google were republican presidential
candidate
read the exact same talking points
owner to stand and fight for marriage
for decades
crowds
legal and constitutional
chief says never let me go away and he
didn't hard drives a law and said let
the second amended a wonderful day but
that he was still runs this is a
fundamental protection he got it right
because everyone of us has the right if
anyone comes into our own seeks to harm
our family harm our children is a
fundamental right
was voted down
no history
discoveries and any
Iranian nuclear dealings hand place
comply and maybe go to believe that does
not understand the nature of the
ayatollah khamenei
share data to America for an American
flag
somebody tells you they want to kill you
believe elected president to shred
terrain
determination that is who is best
prepared to be a man who has the
experience and knowledge understanding
with clarity of vision strength and
resolve to identify alleged president we
will not be greatly will weaken we will
completely destroyed
all right now where they don't listen to
the campaign rhetoric instead local
turnarounds and which because he tells
me but because he's been doing it over
and over and over
braces
and that I tell ya so happened at home
town meeting was watching
and she said it she said when his
daughter was more now
because it wa gwan millions of people
get all of our employees get all those
days off a disability as the government
expenditures are saying people get jobs
that pay taxes government revenues go up
as a dull when he returned and by the
way we give
major legislative initiatives I'm
running late or repealing Obamacare and
a simple flat tax
Middle East countries not brought over
here and wait
Karis Caine is right they brought in
1801 and used that same night terrors
plenty to the leaders of the Islamist
are a great and we had a president who
will stand up and I will be changed this
country and keep everything
president any individual who live here
Facebook who wrongly shared with that
title will be held accountable it will
be terminated violated the law
he will reduce unbelievable economic
growth that enable us to rebuild
military and economic growth with that
little military and his
commander-in-chief we won the cold war
and bankruptcy don't do the exact same
thing
now
patient every year politicians each and
every and there is a more important
down-regulated that all the orifice and
that it will call a little hard blend
wall where it is functionally legal to
sell gasoline with higher land they
received the consequence of that without
it would mean and retailers who sell
Nike 2500 acres and sell cars here with
any cute little fellows right now
Europe South America they have cars they
have the engine of the USB WLAN how well
you know about a week ago we were doing
another one of the joys
balloting David day more than half of
the other plans he lays entire life with
his entire video from the ethanol
industry there is no one in the state of
bottlenose for about it all day to day
has a little itty yet resulted in
increasing share of marketplace by six
she is a massive thing right now is your
sis blame all hold down spending as part
of that whole big and by the way this
year doesn't come from washington is
simply a regulation and alone at all of
our homes
seven days
tired so why not make sure they come we
will win and say
was resting on the very real income
promise from the World God we have faith
we have done we do thank