the great state of Iowa
thank you so much for the very very kind
introduction it is great to be with so
many friends here today
you know man was driving along a country
road and he spots a little boy on the
side of the road with a box of kittens
and a sign that says free kittens
they're democrats
man thinks that kinda strange keeps on
driving few days later is coming along
the same country road sees the same
little boy same box of kittens but this
time a sign that says free kittens there
republicans a man thinks that's the
strangest thing I've ever seen he pulls
up on the side of the road he comes up
to me says son I don't understand I
drove by here a few days ago you said
these kids were democrats now they're
republicans little boy looks at amigos
will mister how their eyes are open
and let me tell you in recent weeks we
have seen over and over again how the
left has their eyes close to the
realities the dangers of this world and
I'll tell you what FreedomWorks is doing
everyday what is happening all across
this country is people are waking up and
they're open up their eyes and they're
saying this doesn't make any sense
i wanna talk to you today about liberty
and security in an age of terror you
know for seven years we have seen both
liberty and security going away and the
Obama administration there many in the
media that tell us there's a tradeoff
you can either have liberty or security
will endure President Obama we get
neither under President Obama the
federal government is targeting the
liberty of individual law-abiding
citizens and at the same time it's not
standing up to our enemies and what the
Obama administration gets wrong as it
has a hard time distinguishing between
good guys and bad
the Obama administration's approach is
to go after the constitutional rights of
law-abiding citizens and at the same
time fail to go after the terrorists
let me tell you our liberties are a
critical part of why we are safe we are
secure because we can speak out and
because we are armed
today peggy noonan has a fantastic
column in The Wall Street Journal
calling on people to speak out for the
first amendment calling against liberals
who have assaulted the first amendment
the democrats in the senate last year
introduced a constitutional amendment to
repeal the free speech protections of
the First Amendment you know we've seen
the neighbors of the San Bernardino
terrorists who said I suspected
something I thought something was wrong
when I didn't want to say it because it
wasn't politically correct
we see on college campuses and
universities the speech police telling
people you can't speak unless it is
sanitized let me tell you something if
this administration funds the nation of
Iran getting a nuclear weapon and they
set off a mushroom cloud that's a pretty
big micro aggression
we see Loretta Lynch the Attorney
General promising in the wake of this
terrorist attack that she come out and
say we're going to track down the
terrorists and killed them know she says
the Department of Justice will prosecute
anyone that has the temerity to stand up
and speak against radical Islamic
terrorism and let me tell you right now
radical Islamic terrorism is evil
mister president there is not a moral
equivalence between radical islamic
terrorists and Christians and Jews and
up from day one of murdering whose those
who they consider infidels the other
preach love and forgiveness and standing
together as one humanity and let me say
beyond that in the United States we will
not enforce Sharia law
attorney general if you want to come for
executing my first amendment rights come
and get me I'm right here
and then we look at religious liberty in
the wake of the attack in San Bernardino
I and many other leaders expressed our
prayers for the families of those who
emerged of those who were wounded New
York Daily News ran a front-page story
repeating my tweet now set aside for a
second it's a little surreal to see your
tweets on the front page of a newspaper
I guess that is the definition of a slow
news day but repeating my queen and
those of others and the news on the
cover of the new york daily news is we
don't need your prayers
they've invented a new term for that
they call it now
player shaming well let me tell the
democrats let me tell the mainstream
media although I repeat myself
there has never been a time in the
history of this country when we needed
prior more
the very first right protected in the
First Amendment and the Bill of Rights
is religious liberty
the right of every single one of us to
seek out and worship the Lord God
Almighty with all of our hearts minds
and soul
President Obama back in 2008 was caught
the rather candid video where he
described those of us not on the heat
the left coast not on the east coast as
bitter and angry and clinging to our God
and our guns well let me tell you we're
not better but we're getting pretty
angry
and president of God or guns
and then there's the second amendment
yesterday here in iowa we announced our
national Second Amendment coalition over
23,000 Patriots across this country
standing for the second amendment now
the media immediately sniffed it was
insensitive to talk about the second
amendment after the San Bernardino
terrorist attack and they tell you
something I don't view it as my job to
be sensitive to Islamic terrorists
the left immediate reaction to radical
islamic terrorists like kittens with
their eyes closed
is not to go after the bad guys but
immediately to try to seize the guns of
law-abiding citizens the New York Times
on the front page as an editorial saying
what we need to do is finally in the
epidemic of private gun ownership in
america
let me tell the editors of the time
something you don't stop the bad guys by
taking away our guns you stop the bad
guys by using our guns
it is in an era of radical Islamic
terrorism that the Second Amendment is
more important because listen it is not
about hunting not about targeting those
are both great fun but that's not what
the Second Amendment is about the Second
Amendment is about about the god-given
right of every American to protect your
home and your life and your children and
your family
and it is fundamentally as our framers
told us a check on government tyranny
and then let's talk about security just
like the federal government goes after
law-abiding citizens they fail to
identify and target the real enemies
back six years ago the Fort Hood
shooting Nadal his son communicated with
Anwar al-awlaki and known radical
islamic terrorists inquired about lelaki
about the permissibility of waging jihad
against his fellow soldiers the Obama
administration knew all of this and they
did nothing they did not prevent that
terrorist attack because it would be
politically incorrect let me tell you if
anyone contacts that radical Islamic
cleric and ask is it permissible for me
to murder others the federal government
should step in and stop that terror
attack before they kill 14 and install
you look at in Boston the Boston bombing
the Sarnia brothers we knew they were
radical islamic terrorists the FBI when
interviewed them but then they dropped
the ball they stopped paying attention
to the elder brother posted on YouTube I
called you and yet the government it
stopped paying attention and they
carried out a terror attack look you
need to complicated surveillance you
needed someone paying attention to
YouTube
and you look at San Bernardino what do
we know about this couple we know that
the man the jihadist there ran in the
circles with worry encountered multiple
people on terrorist watch list he flew
to the Middle East we know that his wife
came into this country on a fiancee visa
by the way the exact same visa venting
that the Obama administration promises
us will keep us safe from terrorists
among Syrian refugees we know that she
put on her visa application a
non-existent address which the Obama
administration didn't bother to notice
and we know that the female jihad it
contacted Isis and publicly using social
media proclaimed her allegiance to Isis
how about the federal government the
Obama administration spend less time
trying to read your and my emails and
phone calls and more time stopping
radical islamic terrorists
elected president we will defeat radical
islamic terrorists
no longer will we have a president who
insist the Islamic state is an islamic
that's just naughty there's a reason it
isn't called the presbyterians state
instead we will have a president who
will make clear we will utterly destroy
Isis
we will carpet bomb them into oblivion
glow-in-the-dark but we're gonna find
out and we are gonna make abundantly
clear to any militant on the face of the
planet if you go enjoy nice is it you
wage jihad against the United States of
America and tried to murder innocent
Americans you were signing your death
in recent weeks President Obama traveled
abroad he said he doesn't believe in
american leadership and he doesn't
believe in America winning he doesn't
have time for that I gotta say FDR and
JFK and ronald reagan must have been
spinning in their graves to hear an
american president say he doesn't
believe in american leadership for
america winning all I can tell you my
philosophy on radical Islamic terrorism
to borrow a page from ronald reagan in
the cold war is very very simple we win
they lose thank you
I'm not gonna stop the applause
now senator cruises that on my radio
program many times and i've asked him
many questions as I've asked many
questions of many of the people here but
the next question is not for me or even
the audience it's from a guy who ran a
pretty good campaign and I think we all
admire former presidential candidate and
wisconsin Governor Scott Walker here
like Iowa discuss this heavily dependent
on manufacturing and agricultural jobs
sadly the Obama administration's EPA put
in place new regulations that will cost
tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs
and their shoes you've cost for the
question as simple as president what
will you do make federal rating agencies
more responsible reasonable farmers and
manufacturers to great question and a
very important question for seven years
the federal government has been at war
with farmers with ranchers with small
businesses and we've been trapped in
stagnation I'm reminded of several years
ago I was in West Texas I ask folks
there I said what's the difference
between regulators and Locust
I said well the thing is you can't use
pesticide on the regulators and it's all
West Texas farmer he leaned back said
wanna bet we need a president who stands
with farmers and ranchers and small
businesses against the locus descending
from washington if I am elected
president we will go after the EPA we
will repeal the waters of the United
States rule which tries to give the
federal government control of 97% of the
farm land and land in the state of Iowa
we will repeal Obamacare
we will repeal the death tax
we will adopt a simple flat tax
we will abolish the IRS
Iranian the regulators you need a
president willing to take on the
bureaucratic state you know what Barack
Obama has done that is wrong with
executive power the good point but he
has intruded into the article one
lawmaking authority of Congress under
the constitution the president can't
make the law changed the law or ignore
the law not pledge on my first day in
office to risks and every single illegal
and unconstitutional executive AK
but under Article pilita constitution
the president has robust authority to
execute the laws and we have never once
seen a president willing to take on the
regulatory state here is the sad pattern
when democrats are in office regulations
grow exponentially when Republicans are
in office regulations still grow just a
little more slowly as a cynical friend
of mine suggested once we should make a
bumper sticker republicans we waste less
we have never seen a president willing
to use the full article to executive
power of the presidency to go after the
regulatory state to fire regulators to
repeal regulations and I give you my
word today if I'm elected president but
compromise if and when it will not be
the case that regulations will have
grown more slowly but it will be the
case that by the end of that ten-year
the body of federal regulations will be
materially smaller and human liberty an
equal amount larger as the format goes
the first questions on video to second
questions in person so the second
question is gonna be asked by congress
or dried blood blocking the 1st district
senator crews here instead of figures
questions out myself I did something I
thought was much better when two people
smarter than I my constituents his first
questions from Tim Byrdak genuine
stand-up
hello jim's a farmer in northeast Iowa
raises hog farms over a thousand acres
question to use this to a lot of iowans
it seems that Washington DC's completely
incapable of fixing our country's
addiction to spending and debt we just
don't feel like politicians are actually
serious about fixing this problem
everyone talks about it but no one does
anything what specifically will your
administration due to put America back
on the path to fiscal responsibility and
rain in the unseasonable unsustainable
spending before we run out of time
the outset I want to thank the men and
women of Iowa for sending Ron Blum to
fight for you and conquer your rod is a
warrior for liberty and the Washington
cartel despises this man
there is the reason that both rod and I
need food tasters in the members' dining
room so I appreciate having an ally who
will stand for fiscal responsibility and
stand against the bipartisan corruption
of Washington and ron is a ferocious and
very effective and your question is very
very important we have out of control
spending in washington the biggest thing
that will turn around the debt is
economic growth you look at our federal
balance sheet that's the only
first-order variable that's why my top
two legislative priorities or repealing
Obamacare and a simple flat tax
because economic growth transformed
everything else but when it comes to
reining in spending you've also got to
be willing to take on the Washington
cartel the term I use for the career
politicians in both parties that get in
bed with the lobbyists and special
interests and grow and grow and grow
government now I've rolled out a
detailed spending cutting plan of over
500 billion dollars as specific cuts
that we need to make about line 58
agencies we should abolish the
Department of Education Department of
Commerce
the Department of Energy hard
and they are
and beyond that about line 25 specific
programs nine will make a confession and
at the last debate I listed the five
departments for the agencies and I
screwed up I left out education and I
listed commerce twice so immediately all
the folks in the media they were
laughing up another Republican forgot it
so I went to megan kelly afterwards I
said listen there's so much cronyism at
the Department of Commerce we need to
abolish it twice
strong balance budget we need to pass
term limits
fundamental entitlement reform to
strengthen and preserve Social Security
and Medicare and you've got it in the
culture of corporate welfare and
handouts and cronyism and giveaways that
has corrupted washingtonDC make a final
point on that you know everyone on that
republican presidential debate stage
they talk about standing up to
washington they talk about standing up
to cloning us but the natural follow-up
question that I think the voters are
asking is ok well who actually has stood
up to washington
has taken on not just democrats but
leaders in our own party
and I'll tell you two very simple
principles the first description you
shall know them by their fruits and the
second is from human powers of
observation nobody nobody nobody ever
arrived at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and
then grew a backbone
thank you very much congressman are
right we have a third question this one
back to being on tape and the debate on
this network is a little rough but there
is a shining star there
CNBC's Larry Kudlow in recession on
inauguration day and we've had the
slowest most tepid recovery since World
War two
what three steps would you immediately
proposed in your first week and trivia
question as I said the first thing I
will do an officer's wrist and
everything illegal and unconstitutional
executive amnesty
in addition to that I will repeal the
waters of the United States rule
in addition to that I will approve the
Keystone pipeline
in addition to that I will authorize the
export of crude oil
in addition to that I will open up the
export of liquid natural gas in addition
to that I will take on the EPA's blend
wall that is preventing ethanol and
biofuels from having a larger share of
the market place in addition to that I
will repeal the congressional exemption
from Obamacare and we will
systematically go through the fact
federal regulatory body for the federal
rules that are strangling jobs and
economic growth and we will remove the
barriers to unchain small businesses and
farmers and ranchers
you know you need a president willing to
take on the regulatory stated an easy
now we all know that President Obama has
abused executive power but there's a
silver lining to that everything done
with the executive power can be undone
with executive power
and you know every republican candidate
promises to take on regulation but
inevitably when they get to washington
they don't do it and they don't do it
because the cartel fights back in memory
back the beginning of the George W Bush
administration first couple of weeks
they rescinded a regulation on arsenic
and immediately the front page of the
newspapers all the TV news programs said
bush want our kids to drink arsenic and
they pounded a living daylights out of
the administration the intended effect
was to say don't mess with the
regulatory state don't resend don't pull
back at you one way ratchet where
government power gets bigger and bigger
and bigger if your gonna change that
you've got to have the political will to
stand up and take the beating from the
media
that's the only way to turn around you
gotta have the political courage to have
a strategic legal plan to stand up and
fire bureaucrats
to travel for example to Foggy Bottom
minitel the career foreign service at
the state department if you have a
different foreign policy if you disagree
with the foreign policy the president
United States you're welcome to find
other employment you know I have jokes
there is one government agency I would
consider expanding dramatically and that
is our embassy in Iceland we may well
need about 10,000 people there because
if you transferred ten thousand
bureaucrats Iceland it would have a
powerful clarifying effect across the
federal government
and I tell you a very important message
for congressional leadership to hear
both Republicans and Democrats is if you
passed legislation filled with corporate
welfare filled with poor if you pass
legislation like the senate just did
this week
reauthorizing the export import bank if
you behave like you're working for the
corporate lobbyists in Washington
instead of for the american people I
will veto that legislation the final
point to make is this
listen breaking the Washington cartel
isn't easy
they fight hard when I say we should
repeal Obamacare and abolish the IRS I'm
not remotely naive or pollyannish I
don't think that's easy I know that we
couldn't do that in the current congress
the only way to do it
think back to the last time we broke the
Washington cartel he was 1980 the reagan
revolution where Reagan took the case to
the people and just like the men and
women gathered here today
the reagan revolution arose from the
grassroots
its weapons across this country and it
transformed this country how do you
change it
you change the incentives in washington
you know there's an old joke that
politics is Hollywood for ugly people
my wife says I resemble that remark how
do you change it let's go back to 1981
1981 tip o'neill the democratic Speaker
of the House told ronald reagan don't
send your tax cut plan to me it's dead
on arrival
I've got twenty Democrats to kill it now
reagan decrying his beer he didn't go
sit down and pal around with tip o'neill
and buy me a drink he took the case to
the american people he took the case to
the american people that Reagan
Revolution rose up and phone call after
phone call after phone call came in and
suddenly all of these democratic members
of congress who had been knows said holy
cow if I stand in the way of this
they're gonna throw me an office I'm
gonna have to get an honest and 20 votes
became 19 becoming she became 17 became
the largest tax cut in the history of
this country
how do you enact fundamental reform I
intend to make the 2016 election a
referendum on repealing Obamacare and
adopting a simple flat tax to abolish
the IRS
and if we come out in November 2016 with
a mandate from the people that's how we
get it done the only thing strong enough
is we the people united as the men and
women in this room standing up and
leading and let me say Iowa's starts
this process Iowa has a bullhorn and
Anna pedestal to speak to the nation and
I am so grateful for the passion for the
principle for the commitment to liberty
in the constitution of the men and women
in this room you are changing America
and I'm proud to be standing with