creative thinking and energy energy that
I believe is needed to change the
direction of this country it's also
particularly fitting that we're here
today and in just a few months we will
be celebrating the 30th anniversary of
one of ronald reagan's most important
speeches a speech that he gave right
here at this institution initiating an
endowment drive that led to so much good
in reagan's times in a row at that
speech reagan discuss the present
challenges including the threat of
terrorism and in particular he talked
about the corrective that the USAir
force had just sent to colonel qaddafi
in libya encouraging him to give up
terrorism the corrective came in the
form of the military jet and a bomb down
his front porch but I especially like
president reagan's description of how
one of his most famous appointees UN
ambassador jeane kirkpatrick once
explained to the rest of the world what
it meant to have conservatives in charge
of foreign policy first he talked about
the US government's approach towards
terrorism quote donation friend or foe
a liar adversary should be surprised by
the events of last week he said of the
recent and deliberate bombing his
actions made clear his determination to
protect American lives in the world from
terrorism and then he singled out
ambassador kirkpatrick and yet even at
the start of the administration people
like jean kirkpatrick we're offering
some pretty broad hints that things will
be different
how the reagan administration change
american foreign policy she was asked to
1981 at the united nations she answered
correctly she said well we've
taken down our kick me sign and someone
said well does this mean that if the
united states has kicked it will
kickback not necessarily she said but it
does mean we won't apologize
well we haven't been apologizing things
are different and perhaps you've noticed
I know colonel qaddafi has that was
reagan here at Heritage thirty years ago
challenges that ronald reagan and jean
kirkpatrick faced in their times were
daunting first and foremost the threat
of Soviet Communist a threat that many
in america thought could not be beaten
we were told that an almost daily basis
by elected officials by academics by
those in the media but with a focus a
determination and an unshakable belief
in the greatness of our exceptional
nation President Reagan won the cold war
today we're once again facing
challenging times both at home and
abroad again we face an aggressive enemy
whose goal is nothing less than the
eradication of our very way of life and
there are many in this country who fear
once again that we cannot defeat this
enemy that even speak its name labels us
bigots it reminds me of that line from
the movie the usual suspect the greatest
trick the devil ever played was to
convince the world he didn't exist it
seems when it comes to President Obama
and Hillary Clinton radical Islamic
terrorism is something that just doesn't
exist but the rest of us living on terra
firma living in the real world are aware
that it is real it is growing and it is
profoundly dangerous what America needs
today as a moment
clearing our enemy as radical Islamic
terrorism and this is an enemy that can
and will be defeated as we enter the
final year of the Obama administration
for all that there is indeed a god
there is little hope that this president
will rise to the challenge and a much
greater likelihood that his successor
will be dealing with an even more
dangerous world and what we face today
issues will demand the attention of our
next president keeping America safe at
home and strong abroad ensuring both
should be the basic responsibility in
the first priority of any
commander-in-chief the recent terrorist
attacks on Paris and San Bernardino
abroad front-and-center the issue of
radical Islamic terrorism but the fact
of the matter is that the problem has
been festering unattended for the entire
Obama administration of President Obama
however such issues are peripheral at
best to ask or progressive agenda an
agenda that a pieces are enemies before
actually defending the national security
interests of our great country while the
president and his secretaries of state
have chosen to ignore the problem and to
recede from global leadership terrorist
groups like I system mobilize and
carried out a string of deadly attacks
around the globe it is worth noting that
the attack on San Bernardino has been
called the deadliest terror attack on
USS Doyle 2009 11:14 innocent lives
murdered that depiction is actually
incorrect we've had one other terror
attack on you on us' soil that took 49
lives and it occurred in my home state
of Texas at Fort Hood on November 9th
2009 that likewise claimed 14 lives the
little aspect victim the unborn baby
a private Francesca Valdez was brutally
murdered along with her mother as Nadal
Hasan shouted a little haha
far the Obama administration responded
to this unspeakable terrorist attack by
labeling it workplace violence one of
the things I'm most proud of my tenure
in the senate is introducing legislation
in the Senate Armed Services Committee
to mandate that the victims of the Fort
Hood shooting received the Purple Heart
and against the active opposition of the
Obama pentagon I was very pleased to
earn the support of both Democrats and
Republicans on the armed services
committee we pass that legislation into
law in December and April this year
finally the purple heart was awarded to
those victims of terrors
whether it's Fort Hood San Bernardino or
a number of others tragically in between
from Little Rock to Boston to garland to
Chattanooga President Obama's approach
has been to treat each one and isolation
the administration has called the
perpetrators lone wolves not to be
associated with formal groups like
al-qaida
crisis because they didn't receive
direct orders from them they investigate
any suspects but they ignore the reality
that our nation is under attack what
America needs today just as we need in
the late nineteen seventies is first a
form firm resolve to always protect
Americans freedom here at home
freedom that has made this the greatest
nation on the face of the planet but
secondly need moral clarity that starts
with defining the enemy and third we
restore america's leadership in the
world through a position of strength
how do we do that first we protect
Americans freedoms here at home
Americans no longer feel safe in their
schools their workplaces their cities it
should not be the new standard this is
not the new normal I do not have to
precious little girls Caroline and
Catherine their seven and five every
time I pick them up every time I hold
him in my arms I want them to be
confident that they are protected and
far from any everything home and a safe
America starts with a secure America it
is beyond time now to secure our border
when terrorists can simply swim across
the Rio Grande we are daring them to
make this journey when forty percent of
a legal
immigration in our country comes from
visa overstays we are inviting evil
actors two-game our system as was the
case with one of the 911 hijackers and
when we are opening up our country's to
thousands of refugees from regions
filled with terrorists Paris with the
express intent to kill us our
immigration policy ceases to be merely
an economic or social ques border
security is national security we need a
president with the political will to
secure the border once and for all and I
have outlined a detailed immigration
plan to do just that it includes finally
completing all hundred seven-month all
seven hundred miles of the wall mandated
by federal law that the Obama
administration refuses to built tripling
the Border Patrol increasing four-fold
the fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft
to monitor the border and direct boots
on the ground where attempted to
curtains occurring finishing the
biometric exit entry system for our
visas again
mandated by federal law again ignored by
the Obama administration and putting in
place a strong e-verify system it
includes deporting criminal illegal
aliens it includes ending welfare
benefits for those here illegally and
includes ending the indefensible
practice of catch-and-release have also
introduced legislation in the Senate to
halt our refugee program from those
coming from terror ridden countries in
Syria in particular there is no question
that the humanitarian disaster is
horrific millions of people have been
displaced by the savage violence
millions are now living in camps that
place severe strain on the resources of
our allies and it's natural that out of
our generosity we want to help
stop that misery and while the United
States has been the largest donor to the
refugee caused by a factor of 10 getting
1.2 billion dollars of taxpayer funds
ten times what any other nation has
contributed we cannot make the mistake
of extending the same generosity to the
extended imperiling the safety and
security of american citizens the first
obligation of the commander-in-chief is
to protect the safety and security of
the United States of America to recent
episodes make clear the need for more
vigilance the first is the paris attacks
which took one hundred and twenty lives
we now know that one of the bombers had
arrived in France under the guise of
being a refugee it only takes one in a
sea of millions to destroy our safety
and to take unknown numbers of innocent
lives the second instances fresh in the
minds and hearts of people across our
country just over a week ago a Muslim
couple who had pledged their support to
Isis murdered fourteen americans in San
Bernardino the woman Ashley Malik came
to this country on the fiancee visa
application should have set up any
number of red flags including a fake
address and Pakistan but should have
been fairly simple to track down but
they went unnoticed yesterday FBI
director James coming testified to
Congress that the two terrorists had
been contact in contact online before
she came to the country and it discussed
martyrdom and jihad this appears not to
be a love story between two young pious
Muslims but rather the deliberate
infiltration by an enemy
America who came here to plot and carry
out a terrorist attack on our citizens
this must stop now I will also know
there are some on both the right and the
left who want to exploit the current
crisis by calling on Americans to
surrender our constitutional liberties
as the only way to ensure our safety the
Bill of Rights is altogether compatible
with protecting the safety and security
of american citizens on the right there
are some who have called for
resurrecting the government's bulk data
collection that existed under the
Patriot Act more data from millions of
law-abiding Americans is not always
better data holding tens of billions of
records of ordinary citizens it didn't
stop Fort Hood it didn't stop busting it
didn't stop Chattanooga it didn't stop
garland and it failed to detect the San
Bernardino blog when the focus of law
enforcement and national security is on
law-abiding citizens rather than
targeting the bad guys we miss the bad
guys while violating the constitutional
rights of American citizens instead the
bulk data program was emblematic of the
bureaucratic tendency to gather more not
better information which gives
government tremendous opportunity for
abuse as has been displayed powerfully
by Louis learners IRS like the fable of
the Scorpion and the Frog government
will do what is in its nature amass
power at the expense of the people this
week we commemorated the 74th
anniversary of Pearl Harbor let it be a
reminder that it is often not a lack of
intelligence but a lack of perception I
co-sponsored the USA freedom act to
enable the intelligence community to
find prosecute and kill the bad guy
while protecting ordinary citizens
privacy rights
indeed under the USA freedom act
intelligence capabilities are enhanced
those are not my words those are the
words of James clapper the Director of
National Intelligence as he told
congress this past May under the USA
freedom act investigators have more
tools to target suspected terrorists to
access their phone records to track down
those with whom they've communicated
under the old bulk data program all of
us were presumed guilty at the outset
and yet the universal phone records that
could be searched was materially smaller
than the universe that can now be
searched under the USA freedom act that
has expanded the number of phones that
can be targeted but requires first some
evidence that the persons phone you're
going after is actually connected with
terrorism we should not shy away from
smarter policies that enhance our
ability to target the bad guys while
protecting the rights of law-abiding
citizens in addition to those voices on
the right who are suggesting sweeping
aside citizens Fourth Amendment rights
their voices on the left who are taking
the same approach and want us to
voluntarily surrender our 2nd Amendment
rights both of these approaches are
misguided and chief among them going
after the Second Amendment rights of
law-abiding citizens is our president
with all due respect president has it
exactly backwards we don't stop the bad
guys by giving away our guns we stop the
bad guys by using our guns let's be very
clear the second amendment is not the
enemy my sis is radical Islamic
terrorism is those who want to murder us
are as just a few Joseph story so
rightly noted the Second Amendment is
the Palladium of our liberties these
rights enabled an armed citizenry to
defend themselves
against evil actors whether they be
criminals or as we are now saying the
threat increase homegrown or migrant
terrorists around cities rather than
stripping ordinary citizens of their
constitutional liberties we should have
instead a clear strategy to utterly
defeated ice and that brings me to my
second point in addition to protecting
Americans here at home the strategy to
defeat the enemy begins by calling it by
its name
radical Islamic terrorism on Sunday the
president's address to the nation he
made an interesting point he said quote
for seven years
confronted this evolving threat each
morning and my intelligence briefing yet
though he says he understands this
evolving threat each day he's chosen not
to deal with the reality he's chosen not
to confront the actual enemy he's chosen
not to call the attacks in Fort Hood or
little rock or boston or Chattanooga
concerted acts of radical Islamic
terrorism on our own citizens our own
mothers and fathers and sons and
daughters and servicemen and women we
need to take off the blinders a
political correctness that prevent us
from seeing what is right in front of us
that enemy is radical Islamic terrorism
and it is trying to destroy our country
and our way of life in a wall street
journal column last week
peggy noonan wrote about the need for us
to robustly defend our first amendment
right to free speech against the forces
that are trying to shame us into silence
it's a topic for another speech but in
this context it raises the specter that
Americans will be labeled as bigots if
they dare utter the word Islam in
connection with a terrorist attack our
president refuses to do so in fact he
said
spent a significant portion of a Sunday
address as an apologist for radical
islamic terrorists and as attorney
general Loretta Lynch told a gathering
the day after the San Bernardino attack
that her department would move to
prosecute anyone whose quote anti-muslim
rhetoric quotes and used towards
violence
the day after a terror attack 14
innocent lives snuffed away we want a
president and an attorney general who is
standing up to defend this nation not an
attorney general who decreased herself
the speech police or any who dare speak
out against this threat as has been the
case all too often the Obama
administration we may be facing once
again the weaponization of one of our
own government agencies deployed not to
protect Americans but to force them to
submit to the Obama administration's
code of what is and is not acceptable
speech tourney general Lynch said that's
what she was most afraid of that we
might exercise our first amendment
rights and speak out against this threat
how about having an attorney general who
is focused on keeping our children safe
rather than muzzling the free speech
rights of Americans and in fact we're
already seeing the consequences of fear
stifling speech the neighbors of Syed
Farooq and Tash Veena Malik reportedly
found their behavior
up until now they didn't say anything to
law enforcement because they were scared
they would be accused of racial
profiling imagine how different San
Bernardino would have played out
out if the fear and political correct
this it's not silenced the neighbors if
a phone call had been made if law
enforcement had investigated if they had
discovered the abundant evidence of
radicalization and intent to wage jihad
then if these to admit apprehended
before they went on a murderous spree
Loretta Lynch is ban on what she calls
anti-muslim rhetoric is already
producing its chilling effect and it's
providing Americans from taking basic
steps to protect ourselves so let's take
off the blinders it's time to say that
these attacks are not isolated incidents
these walls are not alone there instead
operating as an ideological pack and the
thing that unites them is their
fanatical adherence to Islamic
supremacism the conviction that the
world must submit to their form of Islam
or die
disabled forces present in our country
as the FBI director reported it is
active in each one of our fifty states
and once we have identified the enemy
was do everything in our power to defeat
them
America and the world have grown more
dangerous as president Obama has receded
from the world stage every day goes by
the United States seamless weaker and
more marginal actor increasingly
dismissed as irrelevant increasingly
viewed by the world's leaders are
president has a laughing stock and so
our third goal must be to restore
america's leadership in the world as
reagan knew well the best way to project
america's leadership is by protecting
and promoting America's strength and
this principle should always got our
actions
president will have to contend with an
ever worsening state of american
interest around the globe given the
opportunity squandered in the enemies
and Boldin under President Obama's watch
our most immediate challenge comes from
the Middle East which is what I want to
talk about today but make no mistake
about it this is a global problem and
significant potential for conflict from
the baltics to the South China Sea are
made ever more difficult by President
Obama shameful and destructive to
funding of our military given President
Obama's detached and dismissive address
to the nation on Sunday night it is now
a virtual certainty that the next
president will have to deal with the
Scourge known as the Islamic State and
then it will not be a local threat we
now know for a fact that if we drove
withdraw from the Middle East the
radical jihadists will not be content to
stay there they're going to attack our
allies in the region and beyond and they
are on the lookout for every opportunity
to attack us here at home the next
president will need to bring together
the best civilian and military
leadership to develop an actual in real
plan to utterly defeat and destroy Isis
a plan that is not shackled by concerns
over environmental impact or the most
restrictive rules of engagement that our
armed forces have ever known during the
fifteen months of President Obama's
failed military action against Isis I
have strongly advocated for a concrete
military plan and proposed at options we
may employ would include maximizing our
overwhelming air advantage with a
sustained coherent directed bombing
campaign instead of what we have now
which is a photo op foreign policy of a
bomb here and a missile they're not
actually achieving the goal of defeating
Isis we should also be arming the
courage the Peshmerga who had
considerable success against
crisis despite the fact that Isis is
fighting with american military
equipment they seized in Iraq and the
Peshmerga are using out happens because
the Obama administration for political
reasons refuses to arm them because they
would displease baghdad our focus should
not be incurring favor with baghdad our
focus should be on utterly defeating the
crisis and the Kurdish pesh MERGA are
critical boots on the ground for
accomplishing that effort beyond that we
should also include the Jordanian and
Egyptian military's in which the United
States has made significant investments
in past decades and then above and
beyond that we should do whatever is
necessary and required to defeat us some
in the course of a political campaign
have focused on the question of boots on
the ground American boots on the ground
as a talismanic demonstration of
strength that is getting the deployment
of military force precisely backwards
this is not a game of Risk where
politicians move armies around to
demonstrate their much East instead you
need a commander-in-chief who sets an
objective of destroying Isis and then we
need to rely on the expert military
judgment as to the tools necessary to
carry out that objective including
overwhelming military power including
arming the Kurds including using
whatever ground troops are necessary to
kill the terrorists and then come home
the issue of Isis is however only one
piece of the complex geopolitical
landscape of the Middle East and I'd
like to turn now to how we productively
approach this troubled region in a way
that will improve the broader strategic
posture of the United States thirty-six
years ago last month the remarkable
intellect and diplomat who I mentioned
earlier jeane kirkpatrick published an
essay on
commentary entitled dictatorships and
double standards it is an essay to which
I command everyone here today she wrote
to disprove the notion that the prime
directive of American foreign policy
should be quote to democratize
governments anytime anywhere under any
circumstance that particular target of
ambassador kirkpatrick criticism plus
the fact listen on more foreign policy
of our 39th President Jimmy Carter
convinced that democracy was in and of
itself an abstract force for good
the carter administration had supported
theoretically liberal uprisings against
authoritarian governments that had been
allied with the United States from Latin
America to the middle east however well
intentioned president carter's efforts
may have been the result had been time
and time again
material damage to the national security
interests of the United States
dictatorships and double standards
appear the same month that the
revolutionary leader of the Islamic
Republic of Iran the ayatollah told the
khomeini who seized power unopposed by
the carter administration had gone on to
take more than 50 hostages at the
American Embassy in Tehran hostages that
he would hold for 444 days ambassador
kirkpatrick political philosophy caught
the attention of an inspiring republican
presidential candidate Ronald Reagan the
tireless champion of freedom and human
rights had been grappling with the issue
of how to advance the American cause
against the Soviets when many of our
potential partners were not exactly
paragons of democratic virtue reagan
understood the hard truths embodied in
dictatorships and double standards
which was that is established liberal
democracies are not the only valuable
allies for America they are rather the
best ones and are to be prioritized
celebrated and fiercely protected but if
we refuse to work with countries that do
not meet our democratic standards for
not making a rapid enough conversion to
democracy but are still helpful to
advancing our larger goals to protecting
our national security then we risk
fundamentally undermining those goals
and so to our national security now
reagan absorb this concept without ever
losing his passionate belief in freedom
he knew that the real threat was not the
occasional dime store dictator but
rather the existential threat of
totalitarian communism which was on the
march with the stated goal of world
domination and he knew that this is not
an either or dilemma even as he kept
vitally important and alliances with the
Philippines and South Korea he used
quiet diplomacy and sometimes very
public diplomacy to successfully
encouraged these nations to more
democratic practice would it be nice if
the progress of liberal democracy was an
inevitable linear evolution and human
affairs and that freedom once achieved
would be a permanent state of affairs
indeed it would but even a cursory
glance at the history of democracy in
the some two and a half millennia since
the experiment was first attempted in
ancient athens reveals this is far from
the case and the reality is that in
order to preserve and strengthen the
United States we cannot true meat treat
democracy promotion as an absolute
directive but rather as a highly
desirable ideal one that can be reached
most effectively through the promotion
of the security in the interest of the
United States
we could do worse in my opinion that
adopting the reagan kirkpatrick
philosophy today after all the proof is
in the pudding and it is not an accident
that when the american hostages were
released on January 20th 20 1981 they
came home not because President Carter
had allowed the Islamic Revolution to
triumph on a post but because now a
president reagan was in the white house
and the ayatollah knew he would defend
america one recent case study what if
interested president reagan and
ambassador kirkpatrick was the January
2011 popular uprising in Tahrir Square
that ousted Hosni Mubarak Mubarak made
an easy target an aging military
strongman with a grin record on human
rights
the fact that he had been for thirty
years a staunch ally of the United
States and a key partner in securing
israel was quickly to scout it the
Google field revolution was ahead a
moment that same day twenty first
century rebuke to the repression of the
past
Mubarak small was hailed as an
opportunity for Egypt to chart a new and
more hopeful democratic future and plans
were made for speedy elections when
those elections came however the results
were disastrous for the United States as
Mohammed Morsi who had close ties with
the Muslim Brotherhood came to power but
Barack Obama insisted that all that
mattered was that Morsi was duly elected
and for that reason the Egyptian should
have to suffer under his brutal world
even while he started to undermine
american interests destroy the Egyptian
economy and allowed jihadists and
weapons to flow from Libya into the
sinai for the second uprising in the
summer of 2013 would not be the ID
ideal way to change government we should
all shudder to think what could have
happened in Egypt had Morsi laying out
his term we might well have faced the
prospect of Egypt on the brink of
failure unable or unwilling to protect
Israel's borders from the radical
islamics that Morsi had unleashed now
under President LCC we have a leader who
is aggressively fighting the terrorist
cells in the Sinai and defending his
border with Libya and who is not afraid
to call out the terrible perversion of
his own faith that is causing the
violence this past summer I wrote a book
entitled the time for truth in that book
high-profile a speech president Morsi
gave on January 1st of this year at
Cairo University it was a speech in
which he called out directly the threat
of radical islamic terrorists it was a
speech in which he called out fellow
Muslims to stand up against the
perversion against the evil that is
radical islamic terrorists but president
Morsi president LCC rather for president
on Sisi to give this speech as a Muslim
leader was a demonstration of courage
and resolve that was remarkable he was
quite literally putting a bounty on his
own hand and he did so with his eyes
open fully aware that the forces of evil
he was standing up against would do
everything they could to murder him as a
result and yet as I discussed in the
book what does it say when the president
of egypt is more clear-eyed more candid
more direct more serious about defeating
radical Islamic terrorism then is the
present in the United States indeed at
that very same University Cairo
University President Obama outspoken and
2009 on a so-called world apology to her
or a set among other things that Iran
has a right to nuclear power we need a
president who will stand up and
unequivocally defend the national
security interests of this country
another instructive episode was the 2011
nato led intervention in Libya that
toppled the repressive dictator Moammar
Kadafi he made it easier even easier
target the move mark a violent and
repressive anti American dictator who
had sponsored vicious terrorist attack
on American interest notably the Downing
of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie
Scotland Gaddafi had also long been
suspected to push it
pursuing cover a covert nuclear program
that if successful would pose a great
threat to the United States when a
popular uprising occurred in the spring
of 2011 it seemed a no-brainer to this
administration that America would come
to the aid of the beleaguered rebels
splashed across the international press
in fatigues and get FiOS the mission
seemed almost absurdly easy one that
could be executed with no real American
sacrifice indeed as the Obama
administration boasted we could quote
lead from behind and the result would be
the establishment of a liberal democracy
in Libya that would only require
administrative steps such as mobilizing
international support for a transitional
government and freeing up communications
networks how profoundly wrong that poor
foreign policy view was as it turns out
rather than being aspiring democrats
that the Obama administration and their
allies wanted them to be the rebels were
radical jihadists with limited interest
in establishing a civil society and
while it was at the time well known
that qaddafi and abandon his nuclear
program another very real threat of
military intervention that he perceived
from the George W Bush administration it
was less well known that he had begun
cooperating with the united states and
the fight against those same violent
terrorist but he was actively working to
apprehend radical islamic terrorists to
turn them over to America know once he
was gone
things turn for the worse once he was
gone in less than 18 months they would
overrun our facilities in Benghazi
murdering four Americans including our
ambassador the first American ambassador
killed in the line of duties since the
carter administration today
libby is a failed state controlled by
warring terrorist networks that pose a
significant threat to our ally Egypt and
who are openly plotting attacks on our
allies in europe the intervention in
Libya Libya was in a word a disaster and
the argument that Republicans had to in
principle support what might have been a
democratic uprising against Gadhafi but
that the Obama administration somehow
botched the job is revisionist history
and poor revisionist history at that
this took place in 2011 after the
president's Cairo speech the Russian
reset and the canceling of the missile
defense batteries in Poland and the
Czech Republic it should have been clear
to any rational observer that the Obama
administration was not capable of a
policy that would actually defend and
robustly defend the national security
interests of the United States a third
example that has dragged on for more
than four years is the Syrian civil war
once again there is no doubt that Bashar
al-assad like his father was before him
as a bad guy who has been an ally to end
it
as a puppet of Iran and an enemy to the
United States and Israel and it may have
been that this spring of 20 2011 there
was a secular nonviolent opposition to
Assad that would have made his ouster of
strategic interest to the united states
but by the time I arrived in congress in
2013 it was clear that far darker forces
were at work in June of that year the
Economist reported that out of the nine
rebel groups that they had identified
seven had significant terrorist ties a
state of affairs that made me deeply
cautious about any plan to train and
equip them for as bad as Assad was and
is radical jihadist controlling Syria
would be a significant turn for the
worse nothing that has happened in the
last two and a half years has given me
any more confidence that intervention in
the Syrian civil war is in america's
interest in fact the situation is now
materially worse despite hundreds of
millions of dollars the United States
has poured into trying to identify and
train the Syrian opposition as Isis now
controls a significant portion of the
country while Assad is consolidating his
position as a vassal of Iran and Russia
quite simply we do not have a side in
the Syrian civil war is not very
fashionable these days in washington
indeed it is not difficult to find
politicians in Washington who will
Thunder we must topple Assad with the
same ferocity with which they thundered
we must topple Kadhafi we must topple
Mubarak and we've seen the catastrophic
results of these myopic policies and I
would note that my view that we don't
have a side of the Syrian civil war is
shared by at least one other world
leader with a clear-eyed and direct
vision to what's happening is
rails prime minister netanyahu was asked
when he visited Washington last month
why he didn't intervene in the in the
Syrian civil war and he responded simply
that he would only do so if he had a
clear side which at this point he did
not he said that an Iranian controlled
Assad was a disaster for israel but
thats so was the Islamic state
controlling Syria quote when two of your
enemies are fighting each other I say
don't strengthen one or the other I say
we can both or at least don't intervene
which is what I've done I believe today
we are at a moment like munich in 1938
that President Obama has returned from
geneva returned from agreeing to give
over a hundred billion dollars to the
ayatollah khomeini promising like
neville chamberlain peace in our time
history teaches anything giving hundreds
of billions of dollars strengthening
homicidal maniacs who intend to murder
you
has never ever ever worked out well and
at a time of great peril we need the
churchillian clarity and vision that
prime minister netanyahu provide because
he doesn't have the time for the
political correctness that so hamstrings
the Obama administration I think we
should listen to our closest ally in the
region and in the absence of a viable
alternative to Assad that isn't Isis I
believe we should focus on the immediate
and unambiguous challenge to our
security which is utterly destroying
Isis I understand this flies in the face
of conventional wisdom holds that
America must always promote democracy at
all costs some would consider any
progression in Egypt
involved Morsi serving out his full term
as unacceptable they might consider the
terrorists domination of Libya as
preferable to any outcome that didn't
oust the dictator qaddafi they are
proclaiming today that those who do not
support Assad's ouster are complicit in
iranian terrorism there will always be
those who believe it is america's
obligation is a free nation to convince
others that we are laboring for their
freedom whether they want it or not
there will always be those who believe
by insisting on anything less than our
democratic ideals we are forfeiting the
moral high ground this is to borrow
ambassador kirkpatrick elegant phrase
nothing more than confusing revolution
with idealism change with progress we do
not betray the idea of America by
accepting reality ronald reagan was the
single greatest liberator of human
oppression that the world has ever known
he did not do it by forcing democracy on
on whaling nations but by an unwavering
determination to defeat communism after
two terms that Obama Clinton foreign
policy so disastrous it makes the carter
administration look good we are in a
desperate need once again for clarity
the clarity of ronald reagan's for most
important words we win they lose they
will not win by replacing dictators as
unpleasant as they may be with
terrorists who want to kill us and
destroy America and we can take heart in
the knowledge that like reagan we're not
abandoning freedom we are doing what we
must be protected because the true
threat to the spread of liberty is the
radical Islamism that is every bit as
impressive as Soviet Communism and why
the rebels who oppose regional strongman
who turn out to be just hotties are not
ultimately helpful in this cost there
are others who are and we should be able
to figure out the difference as
ambassador kirkpatrick wrote it may not
always be easy to distinguish between
democratic in totality Therrien agents
of change but it is also not too
difficult
authentic democratic Revolutionary is
aimed at securing governments based on
the consent of the government the
Governor and believed that ordinary men
are capable of using freedom knowing
their own interests and choosing leaders
a case in point is perhaps the single
greatest blunder of the Obama
administration and one of its first in
2009 when the president ignored the
Green Revolution in Iran and thereby
forfeiting an opportunity to replace the
radical Islamist terror sponsor
terrorist sponsoring regime in Tehran
that chance death to America and death
to Israel and pursues nuclear weapons
and instead America could have stood
with a peaceful secular rebellion that
was crying out for support from the
United States there was a case where
regime change squared up with our most
pressing national need but instead of
standing with the Iranian people in what
could have been his tear down this wall
moment instead President Obama fell
silent and decided to open up
negotiations with the Mullahs and stand
so while the paroxysms of the so-called
Arab Spring did not produce a wave of
flowering democracies in the Middle East
but rather a tsunami of chaos and unrest
including a new and even more virulent
state
strain of radical Islamic terrorism most
sensationally embodied by Isis there
maybe future such opportunities that the
next president should not squander we
couldn't lead by example and demonstrate
the positive effects of democracy as
ambassador kirkpatrick further noted it
is not impossible to us' policy could
effectively encourage this process of
liberalization and democratization
provided to the effort was made at a
time when the incumbent government is
fighting for its life against violent
adversaries and that the proposed
reforms are aimed at producing gradual
change rather than to protect democracy
overnight to accomplish this policy
makers are needed to understand how
actual democracies have actually come
into being
history is a better guide than good
intentions their number of encouraging
twentieth-century examples of
liberalisation that should give us hope
the flourishing vibrant democracy that
Israel is one of the great gifts the
last seven decades have bestowed on
america we shouldn't squander at the end
of the cold war produced a unified
democratic germany as well as the
vibrant democracies of eastern europe
all strategic allies and assets to the
United States we can most effectively
continue this process by embracing our
own ideals by standing unapologetically
for freedom by defending Americans here
in our country by having the courage to
speak with moral clarity to call evil by
its name by unapologetically defending
America's interest around the globe and
by using the bully pulpit of the
presidency to invite others to recognize
the rights of individuals to respect
them and to unite against the evil
forces who seek to tear down freedom
in every corner of the world like