god bless the great state of Florida
I'm thrilled to be with you today
well thank you and I love you too what
an amazing how many of yall of watch the
Republican debates how fantastic is it
that we have such an array of young
talented dynamic candidates running for
president
rest with the democrats you know i i
think the first democratic debate was
was hillary and the trip only clerk well
now actually that's not fair
we can't forget about Bernie Sanders so
now the democratic field consists of a
wild-eyed socialist with ideas that are
dangerous for american the world and
learning centers
but I don't know if you heard they
announced new news they changed the
location for the next democratic debate
we're gonna have it at leavenworth what
they wanted to make it easier for
hillary to attend
you know all of us are here today
because our countries in crisis we're
here today because we're bankrupting our
kids and grandkids because our
constitutional rights are under assault
each and every day and because america's
receded from leadership in the world and
it is made the world a much more
dangerous place and yet I'm here today
with a word of hope and encouragement an
exhortation to each of you all across
this country all across the state of
Florida and all across the nation
people are waking up and I'm here to
tell you help is on the way
so I wanna ask everyone here to look
forward look forward to January 2017 if
I'm elected president let me tell you
what I intend to do on the first day in
office the first thing I intend to do is
risks and every single illegal and
unconstitutional executive action taken
by this president President Obama likes
to say he's got a phone and he's got a
pan where you live by the pan you die by
the pin and my pen has got an eraser
but sadly the corruptions not been
limited to the white house has extended
across every agency the federal
government
the second thing I intend to do on the
first day in office is instruct the
United States Department of Justice to
open an investigation into Planned
Parenthood and these horrible videos
and a prosecute any and all criminal
conduct by that organization the third
thing I intend to do on the first day
and all is instruct the Department of
Justice and the IRS and every other
federal agency that the persecution of
religious liberty and today
means that every serviceman and woman
has the right to seek out and worship
God Almighty with all of our hearts
minds and souls and their superior
officer and nothing to say and that
means that the Little Sisters of the
Poor a Catholic charity being persecuted
by the Obama administration will find
that the case against them has been
dismissed
the fourth thing I intend to do on the
first day in office is ripped to shreds
this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
greatest national security threat facing
this country is the threat of a nuclear
Iran and we need a commander-in-chief
who will stand up in unequivocal terms
and say under no circumstances will the
nation of Iran led by a theocratic
ayatollah to chance
death to America under no circumstances
will iran be allowed to acquire nuclear
weapons
the fifth I intend to do on the first
day in office is begin the process of
moving the american embassy in Israel to
jerusalem the one senator no capital of
Israel now you know a lot of
presidential candidates both Democrats
and Republicans had made that same
problems and yet inevitably when they
get to the white house they don't do it
because what happens is their team comes
to them and they say you know if we do
this other folks in the Middle East will
be really really unhappy with well if
you hadn't noticed
there are already pretty unhappy with
the single biggest difference between me
and the other very very fine men and
women standing on that debate stage is
that with me when I tell you I'm going
to do something I'm gonna do exactly
what I said
that's day one
there are 365 days in a year for years
in a presidential term and four years in
a second term
by the end of eight years they're going
to be a whole lot of reporters and
newspaper editors and journalists check
themselves into therapy
in the days that follow I will go to
congress and we will repeal every word
of Obamacare we will pass commonsense
health care reform that makes health
insurance personal and portable and
affordable and keep the government from
getting in between us and our doctors
what are these
is Obama coming
in the days that followed I will
instruct the us- Department of Education
which should be abolished
I will instruct the Secretary of
Education that Common Core ends today
in the days that follow we will rebuild
our military and we will honor the
commitments made to our soldiers and
sailors and airmen and Marines and that
includes protecting the rights of our
service men and women to keep and bear
arms and defend themselves that means
that the next time a jihadist walks into
a recruiting center in chattanooga he's
going to encounter the business and of
firearms wielded by a dozen Marines
we will finally finally finally secure
the borders and end sanctuary cities
we will stop releasing criminal illegal
aliens and we will pass case law in the
days that follow we will take on EPA
and the CFPB and the alphabet soup of
federal agencies that have descended
like locusts on small business is
killing jobs all across this great
country
in a few years back I was out west texas
I ask folks there I said what's the
difference between regulators and Locust
so well the thing is you can't use
pesticide on the regulators and there's
all West Texas farmer he leaned back
said one of the days that follow I will
go to congress and we will pass
fundamental tax reform we will pass a
simple flat tax
10% for every american so that every man
and woman can fill out their taxes on a
postcard and when we do that we should
abolish the IRS
there about 90,000 employees at the IRS
we need to padlock that building all
ninety thousand put him down on our
southern border
now to our friends in the media I say
that somewhat tongue-in-cheek but you
know if you think about it sir imagine
you traveled thousands of miles in the
Blazing Sun you're swimming across the
Rio Grande and the first thing you see
is 90,000 IRS agents you turn around and
go home
summar may be thinking of this makes
sense to me it's basic common sense live
within your means don't bankrupt our
kids and grandkids follow the
constitution but can it be done
scripture tells us is nothing new under
the Sun I think where we are today is
very very much like the late nineteen
seventies same failed economic policies
same misery stagnation and malaise the
same feckless and naive foreign policy
in fact the exact same countries Russia
and Iran openly laughing and mocking the
president the United States and why is
it that analogy gives me so much hope
and optimism because we know how that
story ended
all across this country millions of men
and women rose up and became the reagan
revolution
Washington despised ronald reagan by the
way if you see a candidate who
Washington embraces run and hide it came
from the american people and it turn
this country around we went from
stagnation to booming economic growth to
millions lifted out of poverty in a
prosperity and the American dream we
went from our hostages languishing in
Iran to winning the cold war and
chairing the berlin wall to the ground
the reason I am so hopeful and
optimistic it's the same thing is
happening again we are seeing the
American people wake up all over the
country and a six months ago when we
launched our campaign for president
the New York Times promptly opined crews
cannot win because the washington elites
despise him
I kinda thought that was the whole point
of the campaign but if you think things
in washington are going great that we
need to keep headed the same basic
directions just kinda fiddle around the
edges and I guy on the other hand if you
think Washington is fundamentally broken
that there is a bipartisan corruption of
career politicians in both parties that
get in bed with the lobbyists and
special interests and grow and grow and
grow government and we need to take
power out of washington and back to we
the people that is what this campaign is
all about
well you know the times continue they
said okay maybe the grass roots are
gonna be with 10:48 gonna have any money
all the money is controlled by those
Washington elites and the lobbyists are
all supporting other candidates in this
race funny thing happened on the way to
the forum
few weeks back all the campaigns filed
their latest fundraising reports at a
seventeen Republican candidates who
started this race do you know which
campaign has the most cash on hand the
most money in the bank
we did you know how that happened
because we've had over four hundred and
fifty thousand contributions people all
over the country going to check crews .
or 10 crews . or Ted Cruz . or its Ted
Cruz dunno
average contribution was $73 that is the
power of the grass
want to close with two things
wanna statement about the role of
Florida Florida and Texas share a lot in
common we are southern states which
states that are growing which states
that understand that economic growth
doesn't come from government it comes
from the men and women in this room it
comes from small businesses that comes
from entrepreneurs it comes from people
creating opportunity and nothing where
immigrants states people coming from all
over the world to our state's we also
share a similar dislike for snow I like
to tell people you can't shovel sunshine
there is a reason people are fleeing
high-tax hi regulation states all over
the country and come into states like
Florida and Texas because jobs and
opportunity and growth and the future is
in states like Florida and Texas
Florida's primary is a critical time and
Florida can play a decisive role in
ensuring that the next republican
nominee for president is a strong
concern we are building a grassroots
army across florida and all across this
country and I ask everyone here come and
join us
the last thing I want to say is this for
every one of us here freedom is not some
abstract concept we read about a school
book freedom is real and personal in our
lives and our families you know for me I
think about my dad to 58 years ago fled
cuba it came to America with nothing was
18 years old at $100 sewn into his
underwear he couldn't speak English he
washed dishes making fifty cents an hour
and it worked full time he paid his way
through school he went on with my mother
to start a small business today and my
father is a pastor he travels the
country preaching the gospel now my
whole life my dad has been my hero but
you know what I find most incredible
about his story every one of us here we
have a story just like that in our back
some of us its US others it's our
parents others it's our great great
great great but what ties Americans
together is everyone of us we are the
children of those who risk everything
for free
that is the fundamental DNA of what it
means to be an American to value liberty
and opportunity above all else and it is
why I'm so optimistic because we are not
going to give up our freedom to an
ever-growing federal government you know
when I was a kid my dad used to say to
me over and over again when we lost our
freedom in cuba bleach we lose our
freedom here that is why each and every
one of us here today
because we are not content to go quietly
into the night we are not willing to
give up on our children and
grandchildren I tell you this if we
continue to come together if we stand
together to defend freedom to defend the
Constitution if we the people rise up as
one we can bring back that last best
hope for mankind that shining city on a
hill that is the United States of
America
thank you and god bless you