it is not often that I'm speechless but
wow god bless the great state of Iowa
let me say day Bart Bob Vander Plaats
steve King Glenn Beck what an incredible
humbling powerful privilege to stand
with warriors for liberty
these are men of principle days are men
of honor these are men who love our
Constitution these are men who love God
and as our man who are not afraid to
stand and speak the truth no matter what
the consequences
and times of great peril God as always
elevated leaders and we have seen a
panoply of leaders elevated to stand for
this country
and I gotta tell you every time glen
speaks I learn something everyone here I
think has received an hour of college
credit from the Bible College
for Glenn Beck University puts
everything in perspective on what the
stakes are I will say this for a texan
it's cold outside let you know as cold
as it as it is and it's even colder in
washingtonDC blizzard hit Washington
shut down the government
mainstream media immediately blamed it
on me
I have to admit though I saw a blizzard
in Washington I was confused I thought
al gore said this would happen
I mean it was cold air is cold there it
is so cold in Washington
it is so cold I actually saw a democrat
with his hands in his own pockets
actually hillary and she was hiding an
email server
nine days nine days between now and the
Iowa caucus nine days in a battle that
will decide the direction of this
country every one of us is here for one
reason we love this country and we
recognize america is in crisis we love
our children we love our grandchildren
and I will tell you we have reason to be
encouraged to the word tells us weeping
may endure for a night but joy joy
cometh in the morning
across this country there has been
a great deal of weeping we've seen the
fundamental values of this country being
torn down but from washington D C torn
down by politicians in both parties and
yet I want to give you a word of hope
and encouragement and exhortation the
American people are waking up there is
an awakening and there is a spirit of
revival that is sweeping this country
you know glenn was right
no one person can turn this country
around it is only God's blessing walking
through we the people that can pull this
country back from the brink
but every one of us understands the
stakes
I'm curious as anyone else in this room
ever been burned by a politician we see
it over and over again
politicians come they gave a great talk
they say exactly what we want to hear
and then they go to washington and they
don't do what they said they would do we
keep winning elections are a republican
house a republican senate and what on
earth do they do with it over and over
and over again the stakes are too high
this election in 2016 we cannot get
burned again
so how do we decide how we as voters
decide how do we avoid getting burned
again
a step ahead of me
as gland rightly noted scripture tells
us you shall know them by their fruits
let me give a better suggestion listen
and three Republican when they run for
president stands up and says there are
conservative have you noticed that have
you noticed that not a single person on
that debate stage stands up and says hi
I'm a squishy establishment moderate I
stand for absolutely nothing they don't
say that by the way what a tribute to
the men and women here that
establishment politicians are spending
millions of dollars trying to convince
us that they believe what we do so
here's my advice don't listen to any of
us don't listen to me and don't listen
to anybody else on that stage instead of
listening to what we say ask
show me what you've done
show me your path I don't know but also
used to say if I'm ever accused of being
a Christian had like four there be
enough evidence to convict me I'm gonna
suggest a way for us not to get burned
again
ronald reagan talked talked about a time
for choosing lines in the ground where
men and women decide on which side of
the line do I stand and I want to walk
through seven times for choosing
the first is life life is the
fundamental interest value if we have no
life no liberty follows no pursuit of
happiness follows the right to life is
fundamental to all else
just this week we saw the tragic
anniversary of roe versus wade decision
that has authored in the death of over
50 million unborn children now in a
republican primary and recanted it will
tell you they're pro-life that's what
republicans do in presidential primaries
the question we ought to ask is tell me
when hit you stood up and fought for the
right to life
before being in the senate I was the
solicitor general Texas the chief lawyer
for the state in front of the USS
Supreme Court we led a coalition of
states before the USS supreme court
defending the federal ban on
partial-birth abortion and we 154
another coalition estates before the USS
supreme court defending the state of New
Hampshire's parental notification law
and we won unanimous
and when the state of Texas passed
legislation prohibiting taxpayer funding
for Planned Parenthood a local district
court struck it down I personally argued
the appeal in the court of appeals and
we won unanimously defunding Planned
Parenthood
the right-to-life matters to you
if it is a core principle in your life
then the question each of us has to ask
who can we trust who has a record on
this I will tell you this if a candidate
has spent the first sixty years of their
life supporting partial-birth abortion
it raises the question of what they
might do in the white house if a
candidate today as a candidate for
president says we should continue
funding for Planned Parenthood taxpayer
funding it gives us real reason to doubt
whether that candidate
would lift a finger to defend life I'll
tell you this if I'm elected president
on the first day in office I will direct
the Department of Justice to open an
investigation into Planned Parenthood
and to prosecute any and all criminal
violations
if life matters there's a real
difference in terms of records let's
talk about a second time for choosing
marriage and religious liberty
marriages foundational to the family the
best home for children it's a home with
a mother and father who are married who
love each other and raise their children
in a loving family
a great many Americans don't
experiencing that I I come from a family
where a lot of the people in my family
were single moms and indeed for a period
I was raised by a single mom when my dad
left my mother and it was only my
father's coming to the Lord and given
his life to Jesus that brought our
family back together
but for seven years
we've seen a relentless assault on
marriage and religious liberty from
washington D C I still remember the week
that President Obama first came out
against traditional marriage hiding and
I are members of First Baptist Church in
Houston remember our pastor was mothers
day that that particular weekend and our
pastor got up and he was getting ready
to preach a sermon and actually had a
little fishing pond and a fishing pole
he never uses proper for whatever reason
he had them that morning and our pastor
stood up and said you know what I was
all prepared to give
terrific sermon on mother's day he said
God won't let me give that sermon
because this week this past week for the
first time in the history of our nation
the president of the united states has
come out against marriage as the union
of one man and one woman and our pastor
simply call and every member of the
congregation he said we're not gonna
have a sermon this morning I just asked
each of us to get down on our knees and
lift up this country in prayer
the spring the supreme court's decision
on marriage
in June of last year
5 unelected judges purported to tear
down the marriage laws of all fifty
states they ignored the constitution
they ignored the law of the land they
claim to have more enlightened wisdom
and what mankind has understood for
millennia long before there was a United
States long before there was a supreme
court marriage was ordained by God as
the union of one man and one woman
when that decision came down that was
another time for choosing
and a republican candidate who responded
to the gay marriage decision by saying
it is the set of law of the land we must
surrender accept it and move on those
are word-for-word the talking points of
Barack Obama several of the individuals
on that debate stage that was their
position including the two leading
contenders who are my competitors in
this state they said it's settled as the
law of the land
accept it and move on and my view anyone
that echoes Barack Obama in handing
authority over the court to tear down
marriage we should know exactly what
they would do as president which is they
would be unwilling to defend match
and when it comes to religious liberty
religious liberty is the very first
Liberty protected in the first amendment
of the Bill of Rights it is foundational
the right that this nation was founded
by brave men and women fleeing religious
oppression and coming to a land where we
could seek out and worship the Lord God
Almighty with all of our hearts minds
and souls without government getting in
the way
religious liberty for me has been a core
principle has been that I had been
fighting for four decades fighting to
defend the Ten Commandments Honda state
capitol grounds going to the supreme
court and winning 54
the Pledge of Allegiance the words one
nation under God going to the supreme
court and winning unanimous
Veterans Memorial representing three
million veterans defending a lone white
Latin cross going to the supreme court
and winning 54
and see my friends pickin videoGuard to
Iowa natives who are standing for their
religious faith they lost their historic
Lutheran Church that they had owned
because they were persecuted because
they were told they had to host and
celebrate a homosexual wedding or face
persecution by the government
you know we hosted a religious liberty
rally some months ago here in Iowa
incredible rally with nine heroes
including deck and Betty that just told
their stories
ordinary people a florist a baker a
soldier a fireman
who stood for their faces were persecute
if you believe religious liberty is
fundamental
then the question we should ask every
one of these candidates is not what do
we say on the campaign trail it's easy
to say on the campaign trail I'll defend
religious liberty asked if every
candidate what have you ever done in
your life to stand and fight for
religious liberty
for choosing
was the battle over guns and 2013
you're reading ahead
we all remember the tragic shooting in
Newtown Connecticut
where a sick deranged individual
murdered little children Heidi and I as
the father of two little girls and and
mother of two little girls and by the
way thank God our girls look like their
mother proof that God is a benevolent
guy but in the wake of that horrific
shooting
President Obama could have chosen to try
to bring us together could have chosen
to work with Democrats and Republicans
and say let's target violent criminals
let's come down on them like a ton of
bricks but instead following his chief
of staff's advice you never want to let
a good crisis go to waste
what did the president do he did the
same thing he did after San Bernardino
he said I'm gonna go after the Second
Amendment right to keep and bear arms of
law-abiding citizens well I'll tell you
millions of Americans across this
country rose up to defend our 2nd
Amendment rights our 2nd Amendment right
is a fundamental right in the Bill of
Rights and by the way it's not about
hunting
its target shooting those are great fun
but that's not why the Second Amendment
is in the Bill of Rights the Second
Amendment is in the bill of rights
because if anyone comes into your home
to harm you or your family to harm your
children you have a natural god-given
right to keep and bear arms and defend
your family
when millions of Americans rose up to
defend the Second Amendment right to
keep and bear arms against a federal
government that was trying to undermine
it I was proud I was honored to lead
that fight standing with the people the
question you should ask every other
candidate on that stage all of them say
they support the second amendment where
where they if they support the second
amendment we had a fight it was
fundamental it was the president trying
to undermine the second amendment if you
really support it
your actions could demonstrate it by
standing up
suiting up and reporting for bad
a fourth time for choosing
Obamacare take Obamacare please take
Obamacare in 2013 millions of Americans
across this country rose up in an
incredible tidal wave to say stop this
disaster we don't want it taking our
jobs
forcing us into part-time work taking
our health care taken our doctor driving
our premiums through the roof that was a
moment where I was proud to stand with
millions of Americans to try to give
voice to the frustration to the anger to
the rage why is the government
undermining my ability to keep me and my
family safe that was another moment a
time for choosing to look to the other
very very fine individual stand on that
debate stage the question will naturally
arise if you say you oppose Obamacare
where were you in 2013
when the fight is being fought where did
you stand when the line was in the
ground on which side to just stand and
let me say right now if a republican
candidate has for over 60 years of his
life
embraced a Bernie Sanders style
socialized medicine for oil and if that
candidates still today as a Republican
candidate for president supports a
Bernie Sanders socialized medicine for
all is there any chance on earth that
candidate would actually repeal
Obamacare
do not listen to what we say look at
what we do tell you if I am elected
president we will repeal of Obamacare
that fifth time for choosing
is taking on the cronyism of the
washington cartel
I've said many times the biggest divide
we've got this country it's politically
it's not between Democrats and
Republicans it is between career
politicians in Washington in both
parties and the american people
every candidate on that debate stage
says vote for me and I will stand up to
Washington ok great natural next
question when have you ever stood up to
washington
we should ask every candidate who has
stood up to washington who's taken on
not just democrats but leaders in our
own party
nobody on earth ever grew a backbone
after they got in 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue
if a Republican candidate for president
supported Barack Obama's TARP bailout of
the big Wall Street banks
if a republican presidential candidate
for president supported Barack Obama's
stimulus and said the only problem is it
needs to be bigger
is there any chance on earth that
individual would actually stand up to
the cronyism and cartel in washington
don't listen to what we say look at what
we do next battle the sixth time for
choosing was the battle over amnesty now
we had 2013 as well on Epic knock-down
drag-out battle President Obama and
Chuck Schumer and Harry Reid and the
Democrats joined up with establishment
Republicans
to try to pass a massive amnesty bill
the bill didn't secure our borders the
bill expanded President Obama's ability
to bring in Syrian refugees without
mandating background checks and the bill
would have granted amnesty to 12 million
people here illegally for everyone in
this country that was a time for
choosing on which side do you stands now
there are individuals on that stage that
answered that question and said I stand
with Chuck Schumer and Barack Obama and
I stand against the American people I
can tell you I was proud to stand
shoulder-to-shoulder with Iowa zone
steve King jeff Sessions
fighting to stop amnesty to secure the
border to keep this country safe
now the leader of that move for amnesty
was my friend Marco Rubio a good man
charming but when he ran for Senate in
Florida he promised the people of
florida if you elect me I will lead the
fight against amnesty that's what he
told the voters and then it came to
washington and immediately joined with
Chuck Schumer and authoring the Rubio
schumer amnesty bill now you remember
when Glenn talked about if you're not
who you say you are if you break your
work to the voters I will be your worst
enemy look what I would say to each of
you hold me accountable hold all of us
accountable good yes the stakes are too
high but I would notice well there's
another candidate in this race who talks
quite a bit about immigration and
everything else
well in 2013 the battle was being fought
if it is in fact the case that mr. Trump
opposes amnesty 19 asked where was he
during that battle I can tell you where
he was he was publicly at the time
supporting amnesty tweeting out support
for the gang of eight he was publicly at
the time supporting Marco Rubio's
dreamer legislation he was publicly at
the time criticizing Mitt Romney for
being too tough on illegal immigration
down when it comes to Amnesty even today
the Senate like Donald Trump he may say
unpleasant things about me I have no
intention of responding in kind I do not
intend to insult him I like and respect
and I respect the men and women here the
men and women of Iowa too much I don't
think you want or need or deserve to see
politicians engaging in namecalling and
insults but I do think substance matters
I think record matters I think issues
matter and I will point out
out that even right now today Mr Trump
supports amnesty mr. Trump's proposal
everyone knows he proposes to deport
everyone here illegally but then he says
as soon as they get back he'll let him
back in and let him become citizens by
the way this is a proposal establishment
Republicans have talked about an awful
lot called touch back touch back means
you're flying back to the country they
touch the ground and then they come back
magically on a path to citizenship now
he's entitled advocate for that a lot of
establishment republicans have advocated
for that but it doesn't get to pretend
it's not amnesty when he's making 12
million people here illegally into
twelve million USD Ennis
and let me say in 2013 it's worth
remembering what the stakes were in that
battle the Rubio schumer gang of eight
amnesty bill had passed the United
States Senate
republican leadership John Boehner and
House intended to take it up and pass it
with the vote for the democrats to
overrule almost all the republicans and
pass it with a vote for the Democrats if
you doubt that talk to steve King and
ask him exactly where it was hit it this
was the battle if that had happened and
it landed on Barack Obama's desk
it be a done deal this fight would have
been lost so if you in fact about
securing the borders care about stopping
amnesty what you did right there and
then
demonstrate your commitment to the back
and the seventh and final time for
choosing that I want to focus on is
standing up to Iran and radical Islamic
terrorism
the single greatest national security
threat facing this country is the threat
of a nuclear read the most important
determination the men and women of Iowa
will make the men and women of this
country will make his who is best
prepared to be commander-in-chief
who has the experience who has the
knowledge who has the judgment who has
the temperament who has the clarity of
vision and strength of resolve to kill
our enemies and to keep this country
safe
and so the question we should ask is who
has stood up and led the fight against
this Iranian nuclear deal who has stood
up and led the fight to go after radical
Islamic terrorism who is prepared to
keep this country safe
and I will say this any candidate who
says they will get into office and leave
in place Obama's catastrophic nuclear
deal does not understand the nature of
the ayatollah khomeini if elected
president on the first day in office I
will rip to shreds this Iranian nuclear
deal
the people of Iowa nine days nine days
to make this choice if you all agree
with me that the stakes have never been
higher that we are fighting to save this
country or never we're at the edge of a
cliff and we either pull back or we risk
losing the greatest country in the
history of the world do you agree with
me that I want to ask each and every one
of you to do three things one join us
commit today right now yes I will come
out on Monday night and caucus and stand
with you
strength of this campaign it is the
grass root it is we the people I believe
in the men and women of our
I wanna ask if each of you is that you
volunteer that yes sign up today and
commit be a precinct leader be a county
leader commit right now to pick up the
phone and call your mom that's a good
idea to call your mom anyway call your
sister your son or your next door
neighbor or your college roommate and
say this election matters please come
out and join me for my kids for my
grandkids everyone of you I want to ask
every person here to vote for me ten
times
now look we're not Democrats I'm not
suggesting voter fraud but if every one
of you gets nine other iowans to come
out and caucus on Monday night you will
have voted ten times
this is the fight right now listen you
all in this creates state will be beset
by millions of dollars of attack ads of
TV ads of radio ads mailers with more
and more and more horrific attacks and
lies and as you get closer to caucus
night it'll get worse and worse by the
way the mailers make really good can
link in your fireplace they light up
fast but you know we're at a stage where
the silliness where the Washington game
where the distortions they don't matter
this campaign I believe will be decided
friend of friend neighbor to neighbor
pastor Pastor one I want to another and
so what I asked if each of you is that
you very directly reach out and win this
race together
the third and final thing I want to ask
if everyone
is that you pray
that you commit for the next nine days
each and every day to lift this country
up in prayer that you spent just one
minute today in the morning when you get
up when you're shaving when you're
having lunch when you're putting your
kids down to sleep when you're lying
down in bed you spent just one minute
please continue this awakening continue
this spirit of revival awaken the body
of Christ that we might pull back from
this abyss
I will tell you it is a powerful thing
to look at the comp assailed by george
washington did not know glenn was going
to give this to me
loan it to me
it is an amazing reminder of what the
stakes are that when this country has
faced extraordinary threats in the past
that the american people have risen up
against and we're here today standing on
the promises of second chronicles 7:14
if my people which are called by my name
shall humble themselves and pray and
seek my face and turn from their wicked
ways then I will hear their prayer and
forgive their sins and I will heal their
land
let me tell you a bit of history at her
friends in the mainstream media will
never tell you in January 1981 when
ronald reagan took the oath of office
his left hand was resting on 2nd
chronicles 7:14 a very real and concrete
manifestation of that promise from the
Word of God this nation has faced
extraordinary threats before we hit
faced the abyss before and every time
with God's blessing it hasn't been one
individual it hasn't been one candidate
it has been the american people we the
people that have risen up and pulled
this country back from the abyss we have
done it before and we can do it again