an option on a set of the men and women
here thank you for sending to washington
a strong Christian conservative leader
like senator Tim Scott feel like it's
Sunday morning we have a call to worship
on the steps the word tells us when two
or more again Saturday at his name he
will be there where there are a whole
lot more than two of us here today and
outside our nation is in crisis but I
want to tell you there is a revival that
is sweeping south carolina that is
sweeping the country americans are
waking up I wanna talk to you today
about three things I'd like marriage
let's start with life we've seen in
recent weeks these horrific videos of
Planned Parenthood me tell you right now
innocent life should not be treated as a
business transaction
the body parts of unborn children I call
upon every citizen to South Carolina
every American watch these videos even
if especially if you call yourselves
pro-choice watch these videos
Planned Parenthood officials coldly
callously selling the body parts and
laughing about yourself on those videos
they are confessing to multiple felonies
it is a felony with the ten-year to sell
body parts and I'll tell you something
right now if an elected president on the
first day in office I will instruct the
Department of Justice to open an
investigation in the plan
over defunding Planned and they're all
continues to go to plan to take part in
a conference call that reached down and
included over a hundred thousand pastors
across this country
let me say to the past year the faith
leaders who were here
stand up and reach the congregation we
need leaders no-show stand up and lead
and defund Planned Parenthood today and
then talk about marriage just a couple
of months ago we saw the USS Supreme
Court issue a decision a fundamentally
illegitimate law
the marriage laws of every state let me
tell you something marriage existed long
before the United States Supreme Court
of the United States of America marriage
was not ordain ninety law and by god has
no jurisdiction over the break it in the
United States Senate on the
constitutional amendment to protect the
authority of the state legislatures of
every state in the Union to define
marriage as the union of one man and
stripping the federal courts have
jurisdiction over attacks on there and
I'll make a promise to you if elected
president every justice I point to the
United States Supreme Court will follow
the law and follow the constitution and
not impose their radical views on the
people of america and burn about
religious liberty before I was in the
center was the Solicitor General of
Texas the chief lawyer for the state in
front of the United States Supreme Court
we defended the Ten Commandments
monument that stands in the state
capitol grounds we went to the United
States Supreme Court defending the ten
commandments and we won
we defended the Pledge of Allegiance the
words one nation under God we went to
the United States Supreme Court and we
won
represented over three million veterans
defending the cross erected to honor the
men and women in ww1 arguing the image
of a cross on public lands the federal
district court agreed the Federal Court
of Appeal not tell you one thing they
were right about there is power in the
image of a cross and yet I was proud to
represent over three million veterans
before the USS supreme court defending
the Mojave Desert Veterans Memorial and
we want as Tony told you just last week
we hosted a rally in Iowa over 2,500
people came together in support of
religious liberty and we brought to the
stage who told their story of standing
for faith in me in person people like a
wonderful couple told an old historic
Lutheran Church when they hosted way
until to maintain and demanded that they
host and celebrate their homosexual
guarded about Mennonites they said very
respectfully very kindly they could not
host and celebrate that contrary to
their face
and the old guard were soon they were
persecuted they paid a fine and they
have now gone out of the wedding
business shut down their business and
laid off all of their employees we
listen to people like atlanta's fire
chief cochran an african-american grew
up in a challenge neighborhood grew up
struggling but he wanted to be a major
city in America but chief cochran is
also a Sunday school teacher he wrote a
book about Scripture he wrote a book in
his personal time about his faith in
what the Bible teaches us and they fire
chief for daring to write a book
repeating what Scripture teaches this is
the world where your faith is next
who preaches the word from the pulpit
next maybe your sister or brother center
and you wanna know how bad it can get it
at the wife of Pastor site an American
citizen to eight years in prison in Iran
for the crime
preaching the gospel an amazing thing we
all together we pray for Pastor side our
president is abandoned pastor Saeed and
three other hostages in Iran
we pray for Pastor side but let me tell
you is always in control
earthquake broke the power to free pass
but I'll tell you now may share that
even in the bowels of hell hole of an
Iranian prison if you go to our website
Ted Cruz died or watch these stories
watch these stories and you'll be
uplifting you will be inspired
heroes at patriot who stand and risked
persecution from all of us here we
understand that it's not an abstract
concept it's real and personal in our
lives I think about when I was a little
boy my parents are not Christians in the
time and they were both alcoholics they
drank far too much and when I was three
years old my dad left he flew to Houston
he said I don't want to be a husband
anymore I don't want to be a day to my
three-year-old son and a friend and
business colleague in Houston invited
him to a Bible study and at that Bible
study
fell to his knees and he gave his life
to Jesus and my father proceeded to
drive to the airport and plane ticket
and fly back to my mother and me to be a
husband and father so when people ask is
a 30 I can tell you that have been
raised by a single mom without were it
not for the transformational redemptive
love and do we live in a country where
like this under a software marriage is
under assault with faith is under
assault the last election fifty-four
million evangelical Christian state is
it any wonder we have the country
honoring the commands of the scripture
we are told to be so you can come into
contact with you if you're told or
believe we will stay home no convictions
that's right and transform this nation
and I will tell you this we are here
today despite all of these challenges
sometimes things get really bad to wake
people up there is a spirit of revival
in awakening sweeping this country and I
will tell you we are on the steps of the
Capitol today claiming the promise that
second chance and see from there
then I will hear their prayers and I
will the United States