{\rtf1 \mac \ansicpg10000 \nisusversion40002 \deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 \froman \fcharset77 Times-Roman{\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl ;}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}{ ;}}\nisusrevtypes0 \donotshowinsdel1 {\*\nisustoctable {\nisustoc \tcf68 {\nisustocname Default TOC}{\*\nisustoctabrep  }{\*\nisustocretrep  }{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 1}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 2}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 3}
{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 4}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 5}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 6}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 7}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 8}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 9}}\nisusactivetoc68 }
{\*\nisusxetable {\nisusxe \xef68 {\nisusxename Default Index}{\nisusxeheaderstyle Index Heading}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 1}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 2}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 3}
{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 4}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 5}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 6}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 7}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 8}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 9}{\*\fldinst INDEX \\k ". " \\g \endash  \\e "\tab " \\l ", " \\f D}}
\nisusactivexe68 }{\stylesheet {\s1450 \snext1450 \sbasedon1451 \f0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Header;}
{\s1451 \snext1451 \f0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Normal;}{\s1452 \snext1452 \sbasedon1451 \f0 \ql \widctlpar \keep0 \keepn0 \sb0 \sa0 \sl240 \slmult1 \ltrpar \pardirnatural \hyphpar1 \li0 \lin0 \fi0 \ri0 \rin0 Footer;}}
\defformat {\info {\*\nisusgmtoffset -5:00}{\author  }{\creatim \yr2016 \mo2 \dy13 \hr1 \min23 }{\revtim \yr2016 \mo2 \dy16 \hr12 \min32 }}{\*\userprops }\viewkind1 \viewscale100 \nisusviewruler1 
\nisusviewrulerh1 \nisusviewrulerv0 \nisusviewtoolbar1 \nisusviewtooldrawer1 \nisusviewpagenumtype1 \nisusviewrulericons0 {\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind4 \viewscale125 {\nisuscommentsettings {\*\showPane 1}
{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}}{\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind1 \viewscale100 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\mode toc}{\*\closedtochandles }
{\*\visible 0}}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\showPane 1}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}}}{\*\nisuswindow \x0 \y4 \w1256 \h873 }
\nisusrulerunits0 \nshwinv0 \nshwpg1 \nisusinlinespell1 \hyphauto0 \hyphhotz9360 \nisusselectstart3415 \nisusselectlength0 \fet2 \ftnbj \paperw12240 \paperh15840 \margl1440 \margr1440 \margt1440 \margb1440 \gutter0 \pgnstart1 \nocolbal \widowctrl \f0 \sectd \endnhere \linemod0 \cols1 \ltrsect \colbalsxn0 \pgwsxn12240 \pghsxn15840 \marglsxn1440 \margrsxn1440 \margtsxn1440 \margbsxn1440 \guttersxn0 \headery720 \footery360 \pgncont \pgndec \sxnstarts1 \sxnrestart \sxndec {\header \plain \pard \s1450 \f0 }
{\footer \plain \pard \s1452 \f0 }\deftab720 {\pard \nisusnos \nowidctlpar \sl320 \slmult0 {\fs26 01. Full Speech- Ted Cruz Speaks at Rally in Daphne, AL (12-19-15)\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43EZHCDPadw\par
\par
\par
02. Ted Cruz Iowa Caucus Victory Speech [FULL] - Feb. 1, 2016\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCAkw3fgZeo\par
\par
\par
03. Ted Cruz Full Speech at the North Texas Presidential Forum\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6goE_gAO6E\par
\par
\par
04. Ted Cruz Full Speech- New Hampshire Republican Leadership Summit 2015\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39E9IFTC7X8\par
\par
\par
05. Sen. Cruz- The Real Story of What Is Happening in Washington\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aimgwzV-77U\par
\par
\par
06. Ted Cruz Barrington New Hampshire Rally FULL Speech (2-8-16)\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAhldlWY1pQ\par
\par
\par
07. Ted Cruz RJC Forum 2015 FULL Speech. Ted Cruz Republican Jewish Coalition Forum\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXhjjO9kFvg\par
\par
\par
08. Ted Cruz Full SPEECH   -TED Cruz At The Mackinac Republican Leadership Conference   HD\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm9Qwcd3SWw\par
\par
\par
09. FULL Speech- Ted Cruz Speaks at South Carolina Tea Party Coalition Convention\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb1e-3lwRhs\par
\par
\par
10. Ted Cruz Full SPEECH At Rally in Daphne , AL- (12- 19- 15) - Ted Cruz l HD l\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANKYB1SMz0A\par
\par
\par
11. Ted Cruz SPEECH   -Ted Cruz Full Speech At IOWA - (1-  25   -16) -  Cruz 2016\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxupaONfjFE\par
\par
\par
12. (EXCLUSIVE) Ted Cruz Announces 2016 Presidential Campaign FULL SPEECH - Ted Cruz President 2016\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdeCaXQs8BU\par
\par
\par
13. Ted Cruz FULL Speech  - Ted CRUZ At The Rising Tide Summit-   HD\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCVtiusrM1s\par
\par
\par
14. Ted Cruz FULL Speech  At The Heritage Foundation   -TED Cruz l HD l\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdqcWCuyMLc\par
\par
\par
15. Ted Cruz Sunshine Summit 2015 Full Speech\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X31FmLudeYU\par
\par
\par
16. Ted Cruz SPEECH At  Ankeny -  Full Rally With Ted Cuz -  Cruz 2016\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK4Q0L9MGLE\par
\par
\par
17. Sen. Ted Cruz Speech at Stand With God Rally\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzSgL1WKWvU\par
\par
\par
18. Ted Cruz (Keynote Speech) Rally for Religious Liberty\par
=\par
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MF8uWNZ3m7s\par
\par
\par
19. Ted Cruz\rquote s speech at Liberty University\par
=\par
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/transcript-ted-cruzs-speech-at-liberty-university/2015/03/23/41c4011a-d168-11e4-a62f-ee745911a4ff_story.html (retrieved 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
20. Ted Cruz 2015 \endash  Values Voter Summit\par
=\par
http://www.maggiesnotebook.com/2015/09/ted-cruz-2015-transcript-video-values-voter-summit-cruz-runs-away-with-straw-poll/ (retrieved 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
21. op-ed, Congress must approve of any Iran deal\par
=\par
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/apr/29/sen-ted-cruz-congress-must-approve-any-iran-deal/?page=all (retrieved 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
22. op-ed, Redefining the mission against ISIS\par
=\par
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/redefining-the-mission-against-isis/article/2566026 (retrieved 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
23. op-ed, How U.S. must push back Putin in Syria\par
=\par
http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/09/opinions/cruz-syria-putin/ (retrieved 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
24. The Real Story of What Is Happening in Washington\par
=\par
http://www.conservativehq.com/article/21231-senator-ted-cruz-real-story-what-happening-washington (retrieved 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
25. You Cannot Wash Your Hands of That Blood (Transcript his speech from the Rally)\par
=\par
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/news/3335081/posts (retrieved 02/16/2016)\par
\par
\par
\par
26. Sen. Ted Cruz\rquote s Remarks at VVS 2015{\nisusselectcaret \par
=\par
https://blog.frcaction.org/2015/09/sen-ted-cruzs-remarks-vvs-2015/ (retrieved 02/16/2016)\nisusselected0 \par }}}}